1. Call to Order 1:02 p.m.
	1. Roll Call
		0. Administrative Cabinet
	        0. President - David Nuon: Present
	        0. Vice President - Ian Goegebuer: Present
	        0. Treasurer - Christopher Gomez: Not Present
	        0. Secretary - Shane Satterfield: Present
	        0. AESB Representative - Victoria Hatfield: Present
	        0. Event Coordinator - Diana Ignacio: Present
		0. Appointed Officers
	        0. Librarian - Anthony Gialcalone: Not Present
	        0. Publicity and Recruitment Chair - Leo Tronolone: Present
	        0. Market Manager - James Coolidge: Not Present
	        0. Historian - Orion Sakorn: Not Present
	        0. Office Technician - Johnny Patterson: Present
	        0. Programming Team Project Leader - Sal: Present
	1. Approval of the Agenda
		1. Motion of the floor: Approval of the agenda: *[PASS]* 
			- First - Victoria: pass 
			- Second - Joshua: pass
			- Discussion: None
	
	1. Approval of the Minutes
		1. Motion of the floor: Approval of the minutes: *[PASS]*
			- First - Victoria: pass 
			- Second - Ian: pass
			- Discussion: None
		
	1. Announcements
		1. Union Exclusive App.
		1. ACM-W
			1. Meetings Thursdays at 1pm in ECS 304.
			1. Cha For Tea Fundraiser
				1. Thursday, September 20th, 5pm to 7pm.
				1. 5720 E 7th St. Long Beach, CA 90803.
				1. The fliers are in the ACM/W office.
				1. Diana: We need 30 people before we can get profits.
		1. WDC (to be known as ACM-Web)
			1. Meetings Thursdays at 4:30pm in ECS 304.
		1. IGDA Potluck
			1. Griffith park Sunday, Sept 23, at 12 pm
			1. Previous ACM member will be there, along with many important people in the game development industry.
		1. Nate's nibble
	1. Guest Introductions
		1. Rober Baker, Computer science major.
		1. Edwardo, freshman computer science major.
		1. Phuong, computer science.
		1. Steven, computer science major. I am hoping to get more involved.
	1. Reports
		1. Officer Reports
	        0. President:
	        	1. MSDNAA accounts
	        		1. David: We need to talk with Jose about this, he's the new Microsoft Rep.
        		1. Science department is looking for people that know python. If you want more information contact chair@csulb.acm.org
	        0. Vice President:
	        	1. Google Calendar
	        	1. Ian: This will be public and on the site.
	        0. Treasurer: 
	        	1. James has been reimbursed (106.63 USD) for restock. Let us acknowledge it.
	        		1. Motion of the floor: Approve the funds that were allocated: *[PASS]*
	        			- First - Ian: Yummy
	        			- Second - Victoria: pass 
	        			- Discussion: None
	        		
	        	1. Christopher: Who is going to the meeting of the board of control, for the Programming team grant? It is at 3:30p.m. USU 234.
	        		1. Johnny will.
	        0. Secretary: 
	        	1. If you renewed your ACM National account, contact me at secretary@csulb.acm.org
	        0. AESB Representative:
	        	1. ENGR 101 Speaking:
	        		1. David: This week the Communications Director will be sending out the presentations for those that will be speaking.
	        0. Event Coordinator:
	        	1. Cha For Tea Fundraiser
					1. Thursday, September 20th, 5pm to 7pm.
					1. 5720 E 7th St. Long Beach, CA 90803.
				1. Movie Nights
					1. Diana: I have a reservation form for this. Hopefully in ECS 105, at 7pm to 10 pm, Friday nights.
	        0. Librarian:
	        	1. David: Tony and I have been talking with Steve Gold. We need to look through his books.
	        0. Publicity and Recruitment Chair: 
				1. ENGR 101 Speaking
					1. The Communication Director has emailed out signups. The Communications Director acknowledges that ACM has signed up for ENGR 101 speaking.
						1. David: I just spoke with the Communications Director, ACM-W has yet to sign up for ENGR 101 speaking.
				1. CECS Speaking
					1. David: This is a great way to spread the word and help people.
					1. Leo has a list of professors ready.
	        0. Market Manager:
	        	1. Restock
	        0. Historian:
	        0. Office Technician:
	        	1. The marquee works now, but it's using the wrong software version. We will have to write a new Daemon.
		1. Projects Reports
			1. Programing Team
				1. The Programming Team should have its own Facebook Page.
				1. David: I also want the programming team to start recording the events
				   that go on in the meetings. It will be instant advertising material.
		1. Committee Reports
	1. Old Business
		1. ABET Meeting with EAT:
			1. David: The meeting went very well, we were able to voice our opinions to the faculty.
				1. David: The one thing that I pushed was for that we teach source control. That is very important.
		1. Past Events
			1. codejams
				1. David: The codejam went very well, we were very productive and got many things done. I was working on content for the wiki and some other person was working on a CS Themed Metal Album.
			1. Programming Team
				1. Shane: Turnout was good.
				1. Meeting times: 
					1. Training meetings on Tuesdays at 5pm, in ECS 416.
					1. Practice meetings on Thursdays at 7:30 pm, in ECS 416.
			1. Bonfire
				1. David: The bonfire turned out very well. Thanks to MAES for hosting the event and thanks to ACM-W for getting the pit.
			1. Freshman Welcome Day
				1. David: The turn out was much less than we expected, but we did get a few signatures from the freshmen that were computer science.
		1. ACM Github	
			1. David: If you have a GitHub account, send it to chair@csulb.acm.org.
			1. Ian: For bitbucket, you have to add your CSULB student email to upgrade your account.
	1. New Business
		1. New Projects
			1. Daily 49er app
				1. Motion of the floor: Approval of the 49er app: *[PASS]*
					- First - Sal: pass
					- Second - Diana: pass 
					- Discussion: None
				
			1. Portfolio App
				1. Motion of the floor: Approval of Portfolio App: *[PASS]*
					- First - Ian: I might be able to join in
					- Second - Leo: This is a great opportunity.
					- Discussion: Industry is looking for real world experience.
				
		1. Constitution and Bylaws edit.
			1. Motion of the floor: Approval of the edits: *[PASS]*
				- First - Shane: pass
				- Second - Victoria: pass
				- Discussion: None
		1. Programming team issue.
			1. Sal: We normally get our funding from ASI, but the treasurer says that he doesn't want to fund recurring projects. If we can't get the money from ASI we will need to have an alternative form of funding.
			1. Motion of the floor: Appoint David as fundraising committee chair: *[PASS]*
				- First - Sal: We need to do some fundraising.
				- Second - Victoria: pass
				- Discussion: None
			
1. Adjournment 1:49pm