<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
<!-- saved from url=(0053)http://csulbacm.edgarortiz.com/agendas/2011-03-02.php -->
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" /><title>ACM Meeting Agenda for Wednesday, November 09th, 2011 at
1:00PM in EN2-103</title>

<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="./ACM%20Meeting%20Agenda%20for%20Wednesday,%20March%202,%202011%20at%205%2000%20PM%20in%20ENG2-103_files/stylesheet.css" />
</head>

<body>
<div id="wrapper">
<div id="header"> <img longdesc="images/acm_bnr_small.jpg" src="./ACM%20Meeting%20Agenda%20for%20Wednesday,%20March%202,%202011%20at%205%2000%20PM%20in%20ENG2-103_files/acm_bnr_small.jpg" height="67" width="900" /> </div>
<div id="container">
<div id="column_1">
<h4><span style="text-decoration: underline; font-weight: normal;">2011-2012
Admininistrative Cabinet</span><br />
President</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Nathan Pickrell</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; chair@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Vice-President</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Frank Lima&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; vicechair@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Treasurer</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Andrew Meredith</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; treasurer@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Secretary</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Joshua Liong</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; secretary@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4><span style="text-decoration: underline; font-weight: normal;">Appointed
Positions</span><br />
<span class="Apple-style-span" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: 'Times New Roman',Times,serif; font-size: 13px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">Faculty
Advisor<br style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;" />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></span>Frank
Murgolo
</span></h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;"></span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">AESB
Representative</span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</span><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">David
Nuon</span><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;"></span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
aesbrep@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Contact
Liaison</h4>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; David Barahona
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
liaison@csulb.acm.org</p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span class="Apple-style-span" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: 'Times New Roman',Times,serif; font-size: 13px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Event
Coordinator</h4>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Derrik Bulmer
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
events@csulb.acm.org</p>
</span></p>
<br style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;" />
<span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">Publicity
&amp; Recruitment Chair</span>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Salvador Llamas</p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
publicity@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Market
Manager</h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;James
Coolidge</p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
vendor@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Membership
Chair</h4>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Donald Herman
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
membership@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Co-Webmasters</h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Lynn Cherngchaosil</p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Christian Escobar</p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
webmaster@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Office
Technician</h4>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Alex Chavez
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
tech@csulb.acm.org</p>
<p></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Open
Positions</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><br />
<span class="Apple-style-span" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: 'Times New Roman',Times,serif; font-size: 13px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">Alumni
Advisor</span></p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Fundraising
Chair</h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
fundraising@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Historian</h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
historian@csulb.acm.org</p>
</span></p>
<p><span class="Apple-style-span" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: 'Times New Roman',Times,serif; font-size: 13px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Librarian</h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
librarian@csulb.acm.org</p>
</span></p>
<br />
</div>
<div id="column_2">
<h3>ACM Meeting Minutes for Wednesday, November 9th, 2011 at
1:04 PM in EN2-103</h3>
<ol>
<li>CALL TO ORDER
<ol>
<li>Roll Call&nbsp;
<ol>
<li>Administrative Cabinet</li>
<ol>
<li>President:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;"> Present</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
<li>Vice: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
<li>Treasurer: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Presesnt</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
<li>Secretary: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
</ol>
<li>Appointed Positions</li>
<ol>
<li>AESB Representative:  <span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
<li>Contact Liaison: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
<li>Event Coordinator: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
<li>Publicity &amp; Recruitment Chair:  <span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
<li>Market Manager: Not Present<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
<li>Membership Chair: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
<li>Webmaster Cherngchaosil: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span>&nbsp;</li>
<li>Webmaster Escobar: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
<li>Office Technician: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
</ol>
<li>Project Managers (some not listed to avoid double
counting officers/managers)</li>
<ol>
<li>Socie-D - Ben Chang: Not Present<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
<li>Women in Computing / Links for Good - Ariana
Aguirre:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
<li>Programming Team - Jonathan Nacionales:&nbsp;Not Present
</li>
</ol>
</ol>
</li>
<li>Approval of Agenda - Number of corrections: 3 - [Sal/Ariana] &nbsp;-&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Sal: Pass</li><li>Ariana: Pass</li></ol>
<li>Approval of the Minutes - Number of corrections: 4 - [Sal/David] - [<span style="font-weight: bold;">PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Sal - Pass</li><li>David - Pass</li></ol>
</ol>
</li>
<li>ANNOUNCEMENTS
<ol>
<li>Guest Introductions:</li><li>ACM-W: Presentation this Thursday</li><ol><li>Ariana: Tomorrow, Richard will be presenting for the ACM-W meeting ... from 4-5PM in VEC 113...about...</li><ol><li>Sal: Quirks in programming language</li></ol><li>Ariana: There will be pizza!</li><ol><li>Frank: Keep the camera and then [use it].</li></ol><li>Alex Chavez: Will the meeting involve pigeons?</li><ol><li>Sal: Probably. I am a little scared of going.</li></ol></ol>
</ol>
</li>
<li>BUSINESS: &nbsp;
<ol>
<li>Officer Reports<span style="font-style: italic;">:<br />
</span>
<ol>
<li>Faculty Advisor: Not Present</li>
<li>President: Nothing to report
</li>
<li>Vice:</li>
<ol>
<li>Tony Pompei &amp; Bernadina Presentation
Youtube Upload Status Update&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Frank:
Still working on it; Sidetracked by Senior Project stuff. I will make
just one large upload after Richard's presentation.*</li></ol><li>Surveillance Boost</li><ol><li>Nate: Reference to the 4th camera to put up.</li><li>Frank: Do we have cables for it?</li><ol><li>Nate: The problem is attaching it to the wall</li><ol><li>Frank: Metal with concrete screws and drill.</li></ol></ol><li>Sal: Will you have to wait until the winter?</li><ol><li>Frank: Just over a weekend.</li><ol><li>Sal: Over this weekend?</li><ol><li>Frank: The following weekend if possible.*</li><ol><li>Sal: We're going to have a lot of work to do.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol>
</ol><ol><li>Midterms</li><ol><li>Frank: Yay</li></ol></ol>
<li>Treasurer:</li><ol><li>Printer - What to do with it?</li><ol><li>Nate: Can we auction it on ebay?</li><ol><li>Andrew: Anyone want to volunteer to auction it on eBay.</li><ol><li>Donald: I'll research it when I have time.</li><ol><li>Ariana: Craigslist, Amazon, ebay?</li><ol><li>Nate: Whichever [method].</li><ol><li>Donald: I tentatively agree.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol><li>1.5 TB Hard Drive Exchange -&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Andrew: ?</li><ol><li>Nate: EAT's trying to exchange a 1.5 TB hard drive for our two cameras.</li><ol><li>Andrew: [State of hard drive?]</li><ol><li>Nate: Never been used.</li><ol><li>Ariana: Do we have use for a hard drive?</li><li>Frank: Is it a SATA?</li><ol><li>Nate:
Yes. We currently have about a month of camera [footage]. I would like
to extend it to a year. We can also use it to back up the servers.</li><ol><li>Sal: Are we authorizing the exchange of one or two cameras?</li><ol><li>Nate: 2.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol><li>Motion - [Andrew/Ariana] . Exchange two cameras for 1.5 TB hard drive hardly used hard drive. -&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]*</span></li><ol><li>Andrew: Okay.</li><li>Ariana: Pass.</li><li>Nate: Use it as a backup drive or surveillance drive?</li><ol><li>Frank/Andrew: Backup Drive.</li><ol><li>Ariana: Are we going to have a sitdown [of the exchange]?</li></ol></ol></ol></ol><li>Grants Timeline. Verify Grants Due Date -</li><ol><li>Andrew: ?</li><li>Nate: When are the grants due? When do we have to spend them by?</li><ol><li>Andrew: Submit the report [for the programming team grant] 30 days after the event.</li><li>Andrew: There's another grant that [Ariana may have pushed for]...</li></ol></ol><li>Motion - [Andrew/Ariana]</li><ol><li>Andrew: I already gave the money</li><li>Ariana - Pass</li></ol><li>Room for 2 rooms for three nights for $443.94 and registration for $264.00.</li><li>Motion - [Andrew/Ariana] Reimbursement of Lynn and Steve Gold for$443.94 + $264.00. -&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Andrew /Ariana - pass.</li><li>Andrew: We have approx $46 in gas money.&nbsp;</li></ol><li>Motion - [Andrew/Frank] Reimburse gas up to $46 after the event upon receipt of the receipt. - <span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span>&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Andrew - Make sure to give me the receipt.</li><li>Frank - Be sure to send a [reminder email]. Pass.</li></ol><li>Motion - [Andrew/Ariana] - Reimburse $10 per person attending the programming team for food. -&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Andrew: We have money.</li><li>Ariana: I want food.</li><ol><li>Andrew: Remember, no alcohol!&nbsp;</li></ol></ol></ol><li>Secretary:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Josh - I'd like to upload 60GB of photos/videos of Switzerland.</li><ol><li>Nate: I'd like to too. While it's not an ACM event there's a lot of ACM members.</li><ol><li>Sal: Authorization is not required.</li></ol></ol></ol>
<li>AESB Representative:</li><ol><li>Derrik: Board of control was able to approve grants.</li><ol><li>Sal: We did not appoint for the grants from AESB.</li></ol><li>Derrik: Our E-Week charter was accepted. We have a LAN Party on the third day of E-Week.</li><ol><li>Frank: I'll help you out [with prior experience and documentation from beachcon]</li><li>Nate: Location?</li><ol><li>Frank: ECS 3rd floor - 306.&nbsp;</li></ol></ol></ol>
<li>Contact Liaison:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>David: Nathan is invited to a
homecoming for the College of Engineering Alumni/Northrup Gummen to
come out at ECS-312 and they're inviting the majority of the presidents
of the orgs.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Nate: Presidents of all three orgs are going to the programming team. I requested to send a substitute and he hasn't responded.</li></ol><ol><ol><li>David: I'll be attending as a VP of AESB. </li></ol></ol></ol>
<li>Event Coordinator:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Bang Tournament.</li><ol><li>Derrik:
At the meeting I mentioned the Bang Tournament the week after Veterans
week but I will have to change it. Next week could be the signup week.</li></ol></ol>
<li>Publicity &amp; Recruitment Chair:</li><ol><li>Office Hours -
&nbsp;I'm currently working on flyers for the snack shop. We gotta make
another more serious one with snacks on sale. I'm going to make the
flyer for the Women in Computing tomorrow.</li><ol><li>Ariana: And prices?</li><li>Frank: From a business stance, it's probably better to not have prices listed?</li><ol><li>Sal: Yeah.</li><ol><li>Frank: We changed our food stock a lot. I gotta get stock of what we're selling things for.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol><li>Market Manager:</li><ol><li>Nate: We did just restock the room.</li></ol>
<li>Membership Chair:</li><ol><li>Alumni List*&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Donald: I have time this weekend to work on the Alumni list&nbsp; </li></ol></ol>
<li>Webmasters:</li><ol><li>Project Pages:&nbsp;</li><li>Christian: I do want to get the new charters out and I've been talking to Lynn about that stuff</li><li>Ariana: Isn't the Secretary supposed to have that?</li><ol><li>Christian: We have it in the dropbox but not in the [correct corresponding folder in the website].</li></ol></ol>
<li>Office Technician:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Frank: Going in there and
cleaning up the office. If you have food and drinks; I know you guys do
and it's hanging out there... please just throw it away!</li><ol><li>David: Like your sushi?</li><ol><li>Frank: Yeah---</li></ol></ol></ol>
<li>Open Positions are available!</li><ol><li>Sal: The reason why we
have so many appointed positions is to [get people involved]. Say if
someone wants to be office tech...a new member can be official called
office tech...</li><ol><li>Frank: And if someone wants to take it; I'd be more than willing to give it off.</li><ol><li>Nate: I [do not expect any new candidates].</li></ol></ol></ol>
</ol>
</li>
<ol>
</ol>
<li>Project/Committee Reports<span style="font-style: italic;">:<br />
</span>
<ol>
<li>Augmented Ebay Project Charter (Draft):</li><ol><li>Karan: We have
attended the workshop on Friday Business Plans. They told us how to do
the entire project of writing a business plan from inception to
financial analysis. With respect to development, we're working on the
user module and we're having trouble with the ebay sandbox site. We
will talk to the technician in regards to uploading the listing. We
have completed a lot of Sentia work; We just need to link it with SFNBC?
I have sent my device proposal a month ago; if you want to resend my
project charter then [we can remove] the draft [status] and make it
official.</li><li>Karan: We have someone from graphics to make the
animations. We have decided on a humanoid chimpazee to interact with
the user. The user will enter chat sessions with the chimpaze. The
format will be updated with AJAX.</li><ol><li>Nate: You might want to bring some screenshots.</li><ol><li>Karan: We have a lot of the [functionality] so [next time we can] show off pictures.</li><ol><li>Nate: Have you hit any stonewalls?</li><ol><li>Karan: We are not able to send a sample to ebay</li><ol><li>Nate: Yeah so you're contacting tech support for that.</li><ol><li>Karan:
We need to do the business plan too and the financial summery/
profit-loss statement. Before the presentation commences on April 3rd;
I will have a title of competent communicator [with my name].I will
have the credential to [present]. Next week I'll have an audio visual
presentation. </li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol><ol><li>Sal: How much time do you need for your presentation?</li><ol><li>Karan: I will resend the proposal of the project.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol>
</ol>
<ol>
<li>Boeing Project:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Andrew: 2 out of 4 projects are done. My
boss might give an outline of the cockpit of the DC-10. We might have a
cockpit for future projects.</li><ol><li>Nate: Start using [room] 306 more!</li><ol><li>Andrew: It has to be on the ground floor. The dean does spot audits and [may take it away from you.]</li></ol></ol></ol>
<li>Chess Engine Project (Draft): &nbsp;Nothing to report</li>
<li>Modder's Workshop:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Derrik: Finale of the workshop
next week! I want to incoprorate a Paint.NET and Blender tutorial; a
lot of artists [are intersted].</li><ol><li>Nate: Would it help to add Blender?</li><ol><li>Frank: We used to have them! Just to let you know...there's a interface difference between the two.</li><ol><li>Nate: I have to prove it is useful in the class. If it's being used in the 491 class then we can put up a case to gain approval.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol>
<li>Programming Team:<span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">&nbsp;</span></span></li><ol><li>Located at Riverside Community College.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Lynn: I only reserved three rooms; it should be enough. If not then we can reserve more.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Nate: James and I have no problem in the morning but if there's extra room...</li><ol><li>Lynn: two people dropped [from the room reservation] so there's more room.</li><ol><li>Ariana: There's one where Lynn and I are staying in. </li></ol></ol></ol></ol><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Fill your tanks beforehand so that ACM may reimburse you!</span></span></li></ol><li>Sal: Bring cameras!</li><ol><li>Ariana: I will bring one.</li><li>Frank: I can let people borrow it but bring it back! It's a mini HD video camera.&nbsp;</li><li>Sal:
I want to talk with other ACM members and arrange a bonfire; I want to
connect thru paper/pencil/laptop. It'll be me, Lynn, Ariana and maybe
James to talk to the Cal Tech guys.&nbsp;</li></ol></ol>
<li>Socie-D:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Donald: Hard at work with that.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Nate: I haven't looked at your code but I know it's growing.</li><ol><li>Donald: I hope to integrate it soon not just four seperate project.</li><ol><li>Sal: That's what SVN is for!</li><ol><li>Donald: I failed to force the group to use SVN [properly]</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol>
<li>Women in Computing Startup:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Ariana: Alice workshop at Lakewood High at the end of the semester. No guarantees.</li><li>Ariana: I move to approve funding for four pizzas</li><li>Motion - [Ariana/Sal] - Four Pizza up to $30 for ACM-W presentation. -&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Ariana: Pass</li><li>Sal: I already put it on the flyer.&nbsp;</li></ol><li>Sal: Have you talked about creating a computing engineering workshop for women.</li><ol><li>Nate: I'm having trouble thinking of who would do it.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Ariana: What kind of workshop?</li><ol><li>Sal: Mechanical Engineering; just with lights [and stuff].&nbsp;</li></ol></ol></ol></ol>
<li>Links For Good:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Ariana: We are making progress. David worked on a user panel for logged in users. We're making little steps!</li></ol>
</ol>
</li>
<ol>
</ol>
<li>Event/Fundraising Reports:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Andrew: Idea: Offer to sell pizza outside to people outside [in] the hallway. $1? 50 cents?</li><ol><li>Frank: Nope. Well...this is different. If we don't break even with our costs then we're wasting money.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Andrew: We want to advertise it to see if people are willing to buy a slice of pizza for a dollar at lunch time.</li><ol><li>Nate: We'd be ordering so many pizzas that there wouldn't be enough.</li><ol><li>Andrew: We'd be making forty cents a slice.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Ariana: I think it's worth trying.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol><li>David Nuon: Put up a sign.</li><li>Andrew: You can put up a sign; buy here at 1:00 PM. Ariana says to try the delivery.&nbsp;</li></ol></ol>
<li>Old Business -&nbsp;</li><ol><li>A list I can give to new officers in the event the old administration disappears for Dr. Murgolo</li><ol><li>Nate: I've been doing tutorials about how to [access resources].</li><li>Frank: Can we publicize it through a public link?</li><ol><li>Nate: There's still sensitive information. </li></ol></ol></ol>
<li>New Business - None</li>
</ol>
</li>
<li>ADJOURNMENT [1:55 PM]
<ol>
<li>Closing Comments<span style="font-weight: bold;">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Next meeting on November 16th, 2011 @ 1:00 PM
in EN2-103.</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="footer">
<p>Association for Computing Machinery</p>
<p>California State University, Long Beach</p>
<p>http://csulb.acm.org/</p>
</div>
</body></html>