<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><!-- saved from url=(0053)http://csulbacm.edgarortiz.com/agendas/2011-03-02.php --><meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />


<title>ACM Meeting Agenda for Wednesday, March 2, 2011 at 5:00 PM in ENG2-103</title><link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="./ACM%20Meeting%20Agenda%20for%20Wednesday,%20March%202,%202011%20at%205%2000%20PM%20in%20ENG2-103_files/stylesheet.css" /></head>

<body>
<div id="wrapper">
<div id="header"> <img longdesc="images/acm_bnr_small.jpg" src="./ACM%20Meeting%20Agenda%20for%20Wednesday,%20March%202,%202011%20at%205%2000%20PM%20in%20ENG2-103_files/acm_bnr_small.jpg" height="67" width="900" /> </div>
<div id="container">
<div id="column_1">
	<h4><span style="text-decoration: underline; font-weight: normal;">2011-2012 Admininistrative Cabinet</span><br />President</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Nathan Pickrell</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; chair@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Vice-President</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Frank Lima&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; vicechair@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Treasurer</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Andrew Meredith</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; treasurer@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Secretary</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Joshua Liong</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; secretary@csulb.acm.org</p><h4><span style="text-decoration: underline; font-weight: normal;">Appointed Positions</span><br />Publicity &amp; Recruitment Chair</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Salvador Llamas</p><p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; publicity@csulb.acm.org</p><h4>Market Manager</h4>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chansophiak Krouch

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; vendor@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Webmaster</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lynn Cherngchaosil</p><p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; webmaster@csulb.acm.org</p><p></p><p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Open Positions</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><br /><span style="font-weight: bold;">Faculty Advisor</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: bold;">&nbsp;</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: bold;">Alumni Advisor</span></p><p>&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></p><p><span style="font-weight: bold;">AESB Representative</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; aesbrep@csulb.acm.org</p><h4>Contact Liaison</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; liaison@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Event Coordinator</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; events@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Fundraising Chair</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; fundraising@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Historian</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; historian@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Librarian</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; librarian@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Membership Chair</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; membership@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Office Technician</h4>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Alex Chavez (Appointed today)

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; tech@csulb.acm.org</p></div>
<div id="column_2">

<h3>ACM Meeting Minutes for Saturday, July 16th, 2011 at 2:32 PM in VEC-523</h3>
<ol>
  <li>CALL TO ORDER
	<ol>
		<li>Roll Call
		<ol>
			<li>President: &nbsp;Present</li><li>Vice : &nbsp;Present</li><li>Treasurer: Present<br />
			</li><li>Secretary: &nbsp;Present</li><li>President of Women In Computing (ACM-W): &nbsp;Not Present</li><li>Mobile Development Team Project Manager: Present</li><li>Links For Good Co-Manager: Not Present</li><li>Directions Project Manager: Not Present</li><li>Modder's Workshop Manager: Not Present</li><li>Market Manager: Not Present</li><li>Webmaster: Present&nbsp; (Left 2:48 PM) </li></ol>
		</li>
		<li>Approval of Agenda -&nbsp;</li><ol><li>[Sal/Andrew] Change - Added Meeting with the design department.&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Sal - "We have stuff to talk about"</li><li>Andrew - "Lets get it over with"</li></ol></ol><li>Approval of the Minutes - [Josh/Andrew] <span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Andrew - "Lets get it over with"</li></ol>
	</ol>
	</li>
	
  <li>ANNOUNCEMENTS
	<ol>
		<li>Guest Introductions:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Tony Pham and Donald Herman present</li></ol><li>Faculty Advisor: Frank Murgulo!</li><ol><li>Nate: <span style="font-style: italic;">Got signatures! Problem is, he does not have an ACM National account since it has expired. ACM can subsidize it (if requested).</span></li><li>Andrew: <span style="font-style: italic;">Donna Pompei is the official representative of ACM<span style="font-style: italic;"></span>.<br /></span></li></ol></ol>
  </li><li>BUSINESS: &nbsp;<ol style="list-style-type: lower-roman;"><li>Officer Reports</li><ol><li>President:&nbsp;<span style="font-style: italic;">Forms are ready. We need Viceroy's Signature ... and will be submitted on Tuesday.</span></li><li>Vice :&nbsp;<span style="font-style: italic;">&nbsp;</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">I
just need the measurements for the arcade. Unscrew the other playing
board and please make sure it is blown out inside [with a leafblower or
a can of air].</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Nathan: I have to get the air compressor</span></li></ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Status of keys is unknown. Any information about it would be great.</span></span></li><li><span style="font-style: italic;">I-am sending $65.01 to ACM</span><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;"></span></span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Andrew: Send the check to my house.&nbsp;<br /></span></span></li></ol></ol><li>Treasurer:</li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal requested Money</span> [and was approved]. <span style="font-style: italic;">We need all four people for approval.</span></li><ol><li>Sal<span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">: We can approve it here. It was less than $30.&nbsp;</span></span></li></ol><li>[Sal/Andrew] <span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Movement- Reimburse the price stated on the reciept for the poster&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></span></span><span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED</span><span style="font-weight: bold;">]</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: I'd like my money back. Executive fund is for immediate expendetures</span></span></li><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Andrew: I don't care if Sal gets his money back but okay.</span></span></li></ol></ol><li>Secretary:</li><ol><li>Successfully sent the ACM National Report and coordinated with the president on forms.</li></ol><li>Webmaster: Not present (at this time)</li><li>Publicity Chair:</li><ol><li>We had SOAR. We had 10 signups so that's good. ACM-W [was not successful] in recruiting women.</li><li>We
need to work on the beginning of the year presentation. We will use
Edgar's presentation [as a base]. We will dtermine what is our roadmap
for the year and what are we doing.</li><ol><li>Nathan: Why does it have to be next week or the week after? I'll be on vacation.</li><ol><li>Sal: I have [stuff] to do.</li></ol><li>Andrew: Why not email or skype?</li><ol><li>Sal: [Inefficient]</li></ol><li>Nathan: I have thursday off</li><ol><li>Sal: I'll talk to Ariana to kill two birds in one stone (to work on ACM-W presenation)</li></ol><li>Freshman welcome day will take palce in the first friday of the semester.</li><ol><li>Frank:
Freshmen [at SOAR] are just there to get their classes and get out.
They want to be going out to being high schoolers for two more months.</li></ol><li>Week of welcome within two weeks of the semester.&nbsp;</li></ol></ol></ol>
	<li>Project&nbsp;Reports<span style="font-style: italic;">:<br /></span><ol><li>Boeing Project&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Andrew: Going very slow since we're converting a very large program into Java. Unable to find the entry/exit cores.</li><ol><li>Nathan: <span style="font-style: italic;">I've got too much stuff right now</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Andrew: Me too.<br /></span></li></ol></ol></ol><li>Directions</li><ol><li>Joshua:
We will be having a meeting within&nbsp;7 day (I think). Directions
will be changed into a different name and game.&nbsp; </li></ol><li>Enterprise Management System:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Andrew: <span style="font-style: italic;">Busy and made no progress. If I don't make any progress by next week I will most likely motion the project.</span></li></ol><li>Links For Good:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Ariana report:&nbsp;We've met a couple of times so far this summer and have worked on the majority 
of the front end design and the login/registration. We still have to finish up 
the table relationships in the db, pull the proper information for a profile 
page, and other minor things. Things are moving along. Sadly I feel like we're 
losing interest; lately it's just been Chimezie and I. I understand that people 
have work and are enjoying the summer, but to not even send a reply when I say 
there's going to be a meet-up? *sigh*<span style="font-weight: bold;"> </span>But something encouraging to note is 
that the pairing of non-profits and technology is becoming more popular. I've 
seen news snippets about it.<span style="font-style: italic;"> </span></li></ol><li>Mobile Development Team:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Alex: <span style="font-style: italic;">Busy over the summer and I've been working full time. We haven't had time to work in it. I'd like to put it on [hiatus] status.</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: Hiatus does not terminate the project. Members retaining voting membership but does not count for quorum</span></li><li>[Sal/Andrew] Movement<span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;"> - To put the Mobile Development Team project on Hiatus. </span></span><span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED</span><span style="font-weight: bold;">]</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: [It's a good idea]</span></span></li><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Andrew: Alex said so.<br /></span></span></li></ol></ol></ol><li>Modder's Workshop: (not present)</li><li>Reticon Entertainment System:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Frank: <span style="font-style: italic;">I'm removing the old playing board and going to ship out the new playing board to Nate. You just need to put it in there.</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Nathan: Okay</span></li></ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Frank: Blow out the inside. The faster the better. We don't want anything burning anywhere.</span></li><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Frank:
We'll be keeping the operating system the way it is. Maybe go to
Windows. We may choose Windows since it's better for games.</span><br /></span></li></ol><li>Women in Computing Startup</li><li style="margin-left: 15px;"><u>Alice Workshop</u><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>-
Lakewood High School fell through for the summer.&nbsp; I heard from
Gerard Maliwat who was the person that Lily Gossage suggested I talk
to, and he forwarded my e-mail to the principal whom I heard from on
Thursday.&nbsp; They both said to try again once school starts back
up.&nbsp; Though we're pursuing other avenues; Karina (the secretary)
made contact with some 5th grade teachers who are interested in the
workshop.&nbsp; She will follow up with them and try to set a date.</li><li style="margin-left: 15px;"><u>Monge's CECS Workshop</u><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>-
Lynn and I helped Dr. Monge with a CECS related workshop which provided
us an opportunity to learn about how a workshop should run. &nbsp;We're
waiting for Lily Gossage to release the pictures :)</li><li style="margin-left: 15px;"><u>Website</u><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>-
Application for server space and a wiki page granted.&nbsp; Lynn will
be looking into that, as well as setting up a Google Apps account so we
can have shnazy e-mail addresses for officers.&nbsp; I believe the
subdomain is csulbwic, so keep an eye out for <a style="color: rgb(0, 0, 204);" target="_blank" href="http://csulbwic.acm.org/" rel="nofollow">http://csulbwic.acm.org</a></li><li style="margin-left: 15px;"><u>Interdepartmental Project</u><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>- I assume that Donna contacted ACM about this, but in case not here's a quick overview:<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span><span style="font-family: arial,sans-serif; font-size: 13px; border-collapse: collapse;">CSULB
professors and student organizations from mechanical and aerospace
engineering, computer engineering computer science and the design
department</span>are going to be working on some sort of project (the details are unknown at this point).&nbsp; T<span style="font-family: arial,sans-serif; font-size: 13px; border-collapse: collapse;">here
is a meeting this Friday, July 15 at 1PM in the Design Department
Gallery at CSULB to basically act as an ice breaker.&nbsp; My guess is
the project will begin sometime in the fall. Sal and Lynn will try to
attend.</span></li><li style="margin-left: 15px;"><span style="font-family: arial,sans-serif; font-size: 13px; border-collapse: collapse;"><u>2011 Annual Report</u><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>- I contacted Samantha (the local activities director for ACM) and she said that ACM-W<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span><b>doesn't</b><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>have to submit an annual report for this year since we only became official in February.</span></li><li style="margin-left: 15px;"><span style="font-family: arial,sans-serif; font-size: 13px; border-collapse: collapse;"><u>ASI Bank Account</u><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>- In case I didn't mention it before our bank account through ASI is set-up and ready to go, yay!<br /></span></li><li style="margin-left: 15px;"><span style="font-family: arial,sans-serif; font-size: 13px; border-collapse: collapse;"><u>General Body Meeting</u><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>- N</span><font face="arial, sans-serif"><span style="border-collapse: collapse;">ext
Saturday, July 23rd we'll be having a meeting wherein we approve
meeting minutes (so Sal can officially become the publicity chair),
discuss Sal's publicity campaign, officers can give their reports
and... that's kind of it.</span></font></li><ol><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Nathan: Sal and I and Lynn were present (for an event).<br /></span></li></ol></ol></ol>
	</li>
	<li>Event/Fundraising Reports - None</li><li>Old Business</li><ol><li>Open Appointed Positions</li><ol><li>[Andrew/Frank] Alex Chavez as the office technician&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Andrew: Lets get it over with</li><li>Frank: I'll give you all the information</li><li>Sal (discussion): More information in the bylaws.</li><li>Nathan: <span style="font-style: italic;">Sorry; you're in quorum again.</span></li></ol></ol></ol><li>New Business</li><ol><li>Food Fund - To be rescinded?</li><ol><li>Sal:<span style="font-style: italic;"> There's no consideration that it takes a month of fundraising </span>[to recover $50]<span style="font-style: italic;">. </span></li></ol><li>Website - Updates and Expectations:</li><li>Beginning of the year presentation:</li><ol><li>Sal - <span style="font-style: italic;">That's important since it sets the tone... and usually gets the most people in. Have you listened to the outliers?</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Nathan: Up until the last chapter.</span></li></ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: Are you free Thursday evening?</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Nathan: Yes</span></li></ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: Do you have Edgar's presentation?</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Nathan: I"ll ask him for it.</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: Yeah that'll save us three hours worth of work.<br /></span></li></ol></ol></ol><li>Programming Team:</li><ol><li>Andrew: Jonathan is going to volunteer for the programming team.</li><li>Nathan: Are you willing to chair it?</li><ol><li>Sal: Lynn will most likely co-chair it with you.</li></ol><li>Job entitlements: Mentor and come up with questions.</li><ol><li>Nathan: <span style="font-style: italic;">When I did it, it was "Hand out projects and go". That was horrible.</span></li><ol><li>Jonathan<span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">: </span>For
next semester; I don't want teams to be self-forming teams. We should
find the three best programmers and put them on the team. I don't want
a competition at the end [between eachother. our objective should be
to] maximize the spot [position]. <span style="font-style: italic;">They're on a team but they should really be working individually.&nbsp;</span></span></li><li>Jonathan: <span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Before
that, we can set up a mentor team between the best and...not so best
ones. The [not so best ones]...can learn through Osmosis. I learn more
from watching other people code than from any class. If you put
yourself with a really really good programmer....my programming skills
have increased over ... books.&nbsp;</span></span></li><li>Jonathan: <span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">We
should do "Code Audits." "We look at your code; this is what you did
wrong." [investigate] their thought process. You really have to notice
the "off by one" cases since that will [kill all chances].&nbsp;</span></span></li></ol></ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: [Sal/Andrew] I move to appoint myself the head of the Programming Team Interest Committee </span></span><span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Sal<span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;"> - I won't be able to lead the programming team but I can [help out].</span></span></li><li>Andrew<span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;"> - Yay</span></span></li><li>Sal (discussion)<span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;"> - We can request food now. We will probably just have an e-meeting</span></span></li><li>Jonathan (discussion)<span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;"> - In terms of questions...[we shouldn' have to think].There will be about 100 test cases.<br /></span></span></li></ol></ol><li>eWeek Activities:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Sal: <span style="font-style: italic;">We're
having it again next year. We should consider that. If you have any
ideas if you want to do things [feel free to propose them].</span></li></ol><li>T3 - Timeout for Teambuilding and Training (Certification Seminar):</li><ol><li>Sal: <span style="font-style: italic;">3rd
Saturday in Sept of the semester. Registration is opening soon. Make
sure the secretary has your emails since...he will sending you
registraiton invites</span>. <span style="font-style: italic;">Register early to get good courses instead of [crap ones like] Conflict resolution. Get ready to register for T3.</span></li><li>Frank: <span style="font-style: italic;">I will be returning to Long Beach on August 20th</span>.</li><li>Sal: <span style="font-style: italic;">As president you have to go [to fiscal certification].</span></li><li>Jonathan<span style="font-style: italic;">: Do all officers have to go...?</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Andrew: no<br /></span></li></ol></ol><li>Meeting with the Design Department:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Sal: <span style="font-style: italic;">Yesterday
there was supposed to be a big meeting with the design department. They
advertised very poorly and ACM was [the only engineering representative</span>].
The design department is very well connected [and are good contacts].
They have training in design. The main thing is to develop more
connections across campus and want to start a TED Convention.</li><ol><li>Jonathan: <span style="font-style: italic;">TED on CSULB? When?</span></li><ol><li>Sal: 2012</li></ol><li>Jonathan: <span style="font-style: italic;">Do we have that connection?</span></li><ol><li>Sal: <span style="font-style: italic;">Yes;
anyone that's organized can do it. It will bring a ton of money to
[CSULB]. Also, whoever comes up with the best design gets 10 Grand.</span></li><ol><li>Jonathan: <span style="font-style: italic;">What kind of design</span></li><ol><li>Sal: <span style="font-style: italic;">Anything!
The main thing will be the contest in [Sustainability] design. They
were talking about ways to put more housing on campus without clearing
out more lands.</span></li><ol><li>Frank: <span style="font-style: italic;">Build upwards instead of outwards!</span></li><ol><li>Andrew: <span style="font-style: italic;">They don't understand that.</span></li></ol></ol></ol></ol><li>Sal: <span style="font-style: italic;">Good thing I came since I'm [good at org politics]. We get inside info on TED-X convention at CSULB</span></li><ol><li>Jonathan: <span style="font-style: italic;">Is TED-X affiliated with TED</span></li><ol><li>Sal: Yes.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol>
	<ol style="list-style-type: lower-roman;"></ol>
			<ol>
</ol>
			</ol>
		</li>
  <li>ADJOURNMENT (3:38 PM)
    <ol><li>Closing Comments</li><ol><li>Sal:
(To Frank) Remember the new bylaws; you're internim Librarian until we
[have a librarian]. Before the first meeting with the new body, get the
books in order.</li><ol><li>Frank: When's our first meeting?</li><ol><li>Sal: Usually after T3</li></ol></ol><li>Frank: When's the next Administrative meeting?</li><ol><li>Nathan: &nbsp;Next meeting: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Saturday,&nbsp;</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-weight: bold;">August 13th, 2011 @ ECS 3rd floor </span>(Before school starts Aug 29th)</li></ol></ol><li>Sal: Would you be able to print out the minutes for me?</li><ol><li>Joshua: Will you be able to print them for me, Mr. President?</li><ol><li>Nathan: Maybe.</li></ol></ol><li>Frank: How was carmageddon today?</li><ol><li>Nathan: I was thinking of going thru Katella but I was daydreaming and went on the 405. There was no traffic!</li><ol><li>Sal: Traffic has been very very mild [on KNX 1070 news radio]</li></ol></ol><li>Sal: I will meet with Jonathan, Ariana and Lynn about the programming team.</li><li>Frank: What I have in my hand (a check) will be mailed out.</li><li>Donald Herman: Is the Enterprise Management Folder is sitll in the dropbox.</li><ol><li>Andrew: <span style="font-style: italic;">Yes; I've just been busy.</span></li><ol><li>Donald: <span style="font-style: italic;">I will probably scale it down.</span></li><ol><li>Sal: It is [only useful when there is maintainance].&nbsp;</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol>
  </li>
</ol>
</div>
</div>
</div>

<div id="footer">
	<div class="clearfloat"></div>
	<div class="layoutdivider"></div>
	<p>Association for Computing Machinery</p>
	<p>California State University, Long Beach</p>
	<p>http://csulb.acm.org/</p>
</div>
</body></html>