<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><!-- saved from url=(0050)http://localhost:8888/ACM%20Agendas/2010-11-10.php --><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />


<title>ACM Meeting Agenda for Wednesday, November 10, 2010 at 12:00 PM in ENG2-105</title><link href="./ACM%20Meeting%20Agenda%20for%20Wednesday,%20November%2010,%202010%20at%2012%2000%20PM%20in%20ENG2-105_files/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
<meta name="chromesniffer" id="chromesniffer_meta" content="" /><style type="text/css">embed[type*="application/x-shockwave-flash"],embed[src*=".swf"],object[type*="application/x-shockwave-flash"],object[codetype*="application/x-shockwave-flash"],object[src*=".swf"],object[codebase*="swflash.cab"],object[classid*="D27CDB6E-AE6D-11cf-96B8-444553540000"],object[classid*="d27cdb6e-ae6d-11cf-96b8-444553540000"],object[classid*="D27CDB6E-AE6D-11cf-96B8-444553540000"]{	display: none !important;}</style></head>
<body>
<div id="wrapper">
<div id="header"> <img src="./ACM%20Meeting%20Agenda%20for%20Wednesday,%20November%2010,%202010%20at%2012%2000%20PM%20in%20ENG2-105_files/acm_bnr_small.jpg" longdesc="images/acm_bnr_small.jpg" height="67" width="900" /> </div>
<div id="container">
<div id="column_1">
	<h4>President</h4>
<p>Edgar H. Ortiz</p>
<p>chair@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Vice-President</h4>
<p>Joshua Liong</p>
<p>vicechair@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Treasurers</h4>
<p>Andrew Meredith &amp; Brian Lojeck</p>
<p>treasurer@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Secretary</h4>
<p>Richard Wang</p>
<p>secretary@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>AESB Representative</h4>
<p>Paul Dulac</p>
<p>aesbrep@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Company Liaison</h4>
<p>Lynn Cherngchaosil</p>
<p>liaison@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Event Coordinator</h4>
<p>Johan Ochoa</p>
<p>events@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Fundraising Chair</h4>
<p>Juan Valle</p>
<p>fundraising@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Historian</h4>
<p>Matt Sguerri</p>
<p>historian@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Librarian</h4>
<p>Ariana Aguirre</p>
<p>librarian@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Membership Chair</h4>
<p>Donald Herman</p>
<p>membership@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Office Technician</h4>
<p>Frank Lima</p>
<p>tech@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Publicity &amp; Recruitment Chair</h4>
<p>Sal Llamas</p>
<p>publicity@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Vendor</h4>
<p>Chansophiak Kruoch</p>
<p>vendor@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Webmaster</h4>
<p>Alex Chavez</p>
<p>webmaster@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Faculty Advisor</h4>
<p>Donna Pompei</p>
<p>advsior@csulb.acm.org</p>
</div>
<div id="column_2">

<h3>ACM Meeting Agenda for Wednesday, November 17, 2010 at 12:00 PM in ENG2-105</h3>
<ol>
	<li>CALL TO ORDER
		<ol>
			<li>Roll Call</li><ol><li>President:Here</li><li>Vice-President Here:</li><li>Treasurers: Here</li><li>Secretary: Here</li><li>AESB Rep:&nbsp;</li><li>Company Liaison:</li><li>Event Coordinator:</li><li>Fund Chair: Here</li><li>Historian: Here</li><li>Librarian :Here</li><li>Membership Chair: Here</li><li>Office Tech: Here</li><li>Public Chair: Here</li><li>Vendor: &nbsp;Here</li><li>Web:</li><li>Advisor: Here</li></ol>
			<li>Approval of Agenda- Passed</li>
			<li>Approval of Minutes- &nbsp;Passed</li><ol><li>Add Vice President's report for last meeting's minutes.</li></ol>
			<li>Guest Introductions: Name, Major, Year, Interests</li>
		</ol>
	</li>
	<li>ANNOUNCEMENTS
		<ol>
			<li>Upcoming Events
				<ol>
					<li>AESB Selling T-Shirts ($10) and Sweatshirt ($25)
						<ol>
							<li>To place your order please stop by the AESB Office EN4-122. If you have any questions please email info@aesb.org.</li>
						</ol>
					</li>
					<li>EAT Kinect Launch Parties
						<ol>
							<li>Email president@eatsociety.org or visit www.eatsociety.org for more info</li>
						</ol>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</li>
			<li>Other
				<ol>
					<li>e-LIFE: Leaders in Freshmen Engineering - elife@aesb.org - http://www.aesb.org/elife
						<ol>
							<li>e-LIFE is in need of mentors to help freshmen engineering students become acquainted with the entire CSULB campus and community.</li>
						</ol>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</li>
		</ol>
	</li>
	<li>BUSINESS
		<ol>
			<li>Faculty Advisor Report:&nbsp;</li>
			<li>Officer Reports:</li><ol><li>President:
Money will be offered for the CECS department. &nbsp;The executive
officers are getting ready to present a list of what we need in order
to acquire part of that grant. &nbsp;I will be gone next week so VP
will take over.</li><ol><li>Advisor: Money can be given for books, equipment, projects, competitions, etc. &nbsp;</li></ol><li>Working
ith the president in compiling the list for the grant. &nbsp;For those
who have projects that need funding, please contact me.</li><li>Treasurer:
I tried to acquire the IRS forms. &nbsp;We are fully funded ($300 for
the server for example). We are doing a presentation on the git system
therefore we mention that as part of our grant request. &nbsp; $816 for
the programming team, $616 for iMac. &nbsp;&nbsp;</li><li>Secretary: &nbsp;Email Matt the revised Bylaws.</li><li>Historian: Added photos for a lot of stuff.&nbsp;</li><li>Fund
chair: I have not heard from the fundraising events. &nbsp;Our name is
getting out there. &nbsp;I am negotiating to deal with something at the
nugget.&nbsp;</li><li>Librarian: President has filtered several books
and plan to sell them. &nbsp;I am still not done inserting stuff into
the database.</li><li>Mem Chair: I talk to Mike about the database and
suggest some things to improve. &nbsp;Once I implement the changes, I
will begin to work on the interface.&nbsp;</li><li>Office Tech: For
wireless, it is up and going. &nbsp;I have sent an email in regards to
using the wireless with caution. &nbsp;We cannot be exceeding our
bandwitdh so do not do a lot of downloading. &nbsp;In regards to the
server, if you want the server public, we need to additional plans to
go around it.</li><ol><li>Treasurer: I like for the router to disable p2p traffic.</li></ol><li>Public
Chair: &nbsp;$50,000 a year for Blackboard. &nbsp;AESB motion to not
want this. &nbsp;More members we have, the better we can fight against
this problem. &nbsp;Three glass cases will be filled with filiers very
soon.</li><li>Web: Made a membership form on the web that is sent to web and secretary.</li><li>Company: Working on parking permit for our next guest speakers. </li></ol>
			<li>Committee Reports
				<ol>
					<li>TABLES:</li><ol><li>We got a new table due to an horrible event.</li><li>Frank helped maximized the space which was excellent. &nbsp;</li><li>Hopefully add more tables for the walls.&nbsp;</li><li>TABLES Committee will continue to work on redesigning the office.</li></ol>
					<li>E-Week</li><ol><li>Sal: Because of my internship, I will not be heading for the gaming event. &nbsp;I pass the head of E-Week to Frank. &nbsp;</li><li>Edgar: If anyone wants to help, please contact us. </li></ol>
				</ol>
			</li>
			<li>Project Manager Reports
				<ol>
					<li>CSULB ACM Programming Team: Matt Sguerri &amp; Richard Wang</li><ol><li>Sal: Motion to add the team members on the programming team charter - Passed</li></ol><li>
						<ol>
							<li>Teams:
								<ol>
									<li>Beach Bombers: Alex Chavez, Lynn Cherngchaosil, and Anirudha Mulik. Coached by Steve Gold.</li>
									<li> Giant Fiasco: Ariana Aguirre, Shawn Bandy, and Mike Brown. Coached by Edgar Ortiz.</li>
									<li>Nuggets: Hoa Dinh, Jose Herrera, Anthony Iacono. Coached by Jonathan Nacionales.</li>
									<li>Robot Unicorn. Sal Llamas, Matt Sguerri, Richard Wang. Coached by Paul Woo.</li>
								</ol>
							</li>
						</ol>
					</li>
					<li>Helping Hands: Ariana Aguirre &amp; Chimezie Epoh</li><li>
						<ol>
							<li>Charter Amendments</li><li>We decided to skip our naming part.</li><li>Ariana: I motion to remove Rusty from the charter: Passed&nbsp;</li><li>Ariana: We have an email address: : charity@csulb.acm.org</li>
							<li>Meeting: Thursdays at 2:00 PM in ENG3-110</li>
							<li>Conact: librarian@csulb.acm.org </li>
						</ol>
					</li>
					<li>Mobile Development Team: Alex Chavez
						<ol>
							<li>Tutorials: http://csulb.acm.org/mobiledev/ &nbsp;(Please study it)</li>
							<li>Next Meeting: Thursday, November 18th at 6:00 PM in the ECS Mac Lab</li>
							<li>Contact: mobiledev@csulb.acm.org</li>
						</ol>
					</li>
					<li>TEAR: Joshua Liong
						<ol>
							<li>Contact: tear@csulb.acm.org</li><li>For TEAR, we were able to get one map up. &nbsp;Music is pretty cool. </li>
						</ol>
					</li>
					<li>Project MAMO
						<ol>
							<li>Contact: chair@csulb.acm.org</li><li>Edgar: Website is almost done thanks to my 470 class. &nbsp;</li><li>Pompei:
Dr.Mamo wants to set up a conference for mobile applications. She is
planning to apply for a grant. &nbsp; I have forwarded the information
to Gittleman. </li>
						</ol>
					</li>
					<li>Veteran's Affairs Project: Bernandina Ortiz</li><li>
						<ol>
							<li>Contact: va@csulb.acm.org</li>
						</ol>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</li>
			<li>New Business
				<ol>
					<li>AESB Resolution against ASI Academic Resolution on OrgSync&nbsp;</li><ol><li>OrgSync A content management system that might costs us $50,000.</li><li>We have our own ways to manage our information with stuff like Google Site.</li><li>1:00 PM in the AESB room EN4-122 next to IEEE office.&nbsp; &nbsp;</li></ol>
					<li>Reimbursements&nbsp;
						<ol>
							<li>TABLES Committe for expenditures: $60</li>
							<li>Joshua Liong for last week's meeting: $28&nbsp;</li>
							<li>Edgar's reimburstment for donuts: $22.47</li>
							<li>Brian Lojeck petty cash book: $8.00</li><li>Sal: Motion to approve the reimbursements of $118.47- Passed</li><ol><li>Ariana: I thought we had a limit for the table expense...</li><li>Edgar: We did not motion for paying for the table. &nbsp;Not on records</li></ol>
						</ol>
					</li>
					<li>Motion to allow for a $30 per meeting food budget</li><ol><li>Sal: Motion for $30 per week. &nbsp;</li><li>Edgar: Actually just limit for Admin and General body meetings.</li><li>Sal: I motion to limit $30 for General meetings and Admin meetings only.</li><li>Andrew: I like it for the Treasurer to authorize the purchase or else...</li><li>Sal:
I motion to have the Treasurer to authorize 30 for every GE or Admin
meeting purchases per
week.--------------------------------------------------- PASSED!!!!!</li><li>Edgar: It is important that we do this. &nbsp;There is a difference between being a club and being an org.&nbsp;</li></ol>
				</ol>
			</li>
		</ol>
	</li>
	<li>ADJOURNMENT - 12:39 PM
		<ol>
			<li>Next meeting: Monday, November 22, 2010 at 12:00 PM in ENG2-105</li><li>Ariana: Need ten members for the ACM-W. &nbsp;If you want to be involved, please let me know.</li><li>Edgar: If anyone wants ACM National membership, please let Edgar know. &nbsp;</li><li>
				<ol>
					<li>Edgar will be at Dean Golshani's Administrative Review.</li>
				</ol>
			</li>
		</ol>
	</li>
</ol>
</div>
</div>
</div>

<div id="footer">
	<div class="clearfloat"></div>
	<div class="layoutdivider"></div>
	<p>Association for Computing Machinery</p>
	<p>California State University, Long Beach</p>
	<p>http://csulb.acm.org/</p>
</div>
<script type="text/javascript" src="chrome-extension://homgcnaoacgigpkkljjjekpignblkeae/detector.js"></script></body></html>