<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
<!-- saved from url=(0053)http://csulbacm.edgarortiz.com/agendas/2011-03-02.php -->
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" /><title>ACM Meeting Agenda for Wednesday, October 12th, 2011 at
1:00PM in EN2-103</title>

<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="./ACM%20Meeting%20Agenda%20for%20Wednesday,%20March%202,%202011%20at%205%2000%20PM%20in%20ENG2-103_files/stylesheet.css" />
</head>

<body>
<div id="wrapper">
<div id="header"> <img longdesc="images/acm_bnr_small.jpg" src="./ACM%20Meeting%20Agenda%20for%20Wednesday,%20March%202,%202011%20at%205%2000%20PM%20in%20ENG2-103_files/acm_bnr_small.jpg" height="67" width="900" /> </div>
<div id="container">
<div id="column_1">
<h4><span style="text-decoration: underline; font-weight: normal;">2011-2012
Admininistrative Cabinet</span><br />
President</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Nathan Pickrell</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; chair@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Vice-President</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Frank Lima&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; vicechair@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Treasurer</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Andrew Meredith</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; treasurer@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Secretary</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Joshua Liong</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; secretary@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4><span style="text-decoration: underline; font-weight: normal;">Appointed
Positions</span><br />
<span class="Apple-style-span" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: 'Times New Roman',Times,serif; font-size: 13px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">Faculty
Advisor<br style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;" />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></span>Frank
Murgolo
</span></h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;"></span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">AESB
Representative</span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</span><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">David
Nuon</span><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;"></span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
aesbrep@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Contact
Liaison</h4>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; David Barahona
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
liaison@csulb.acm.org</p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span class="Apple-style-span" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: 'Times New Roman',Times,serif; font-size: 13px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Event
Coordinator</h4>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Derrik Bulmer
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
events@csulb.acm.org</p>
</span></p>
<br style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;" />
<span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">Publicity
&amp; Recruitment Chair</span>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Salvador Llamas</p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
publicity@csulb.acm.org</p>

<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Membership
Chair</h4>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Donald Herman
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
membership@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Webmaster</h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Lynn Cherngchaosil</p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
webmaster@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Office
Technician</h4>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Alex Chavez
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
tech@csulb.acm.org</p>
<p></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Open
Positions</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><br />
<span class="Apple-style-span" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: 'Times New Roman',Times,serif; font-size: 13px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">Alumni
Advisor</span></p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Fundraising
Chair</h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
fundraising@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Historian</h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
historian@csulb.acm.org</p>
</span></p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Market
Manager</h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
vendor@csulb.acm.org</p>
<p><span class="Apple-style-span" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: 'Times New Roman',Times,serif; font-size: 13px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Librarian</h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
librarian@csulb.acm.org</p>
</span></p>
<br />
</div>
<div id="column_2">
<h3>ACM Meeting Minutes for Wednesday, October 12th, 2011 at
1:03 PM in EN2-103</h3>
<ol>
<li>CALL TO ORDER
<ol>
<li>Roll Call
<ol>
<li>Administrative Cabinet</li>
<ol>
<li>President:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">&nbsp;Present</span></li>
<li>Vice:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
<li>Treasurer:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
<li>Secretary:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
</ol>
<li>Appointed Positions</li>
<ol>
<li>AESB Representative:<span style="font-weight: bold;">&nbsp;</span>Not Present<span style="font-weight: bold;">.</span> Returned at 1:03 PM</li>
<li>Contact Liaison:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
<li>Event Coordinator:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
<li>Publicity &amp; Recruitment Chair:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
<li>Membership Chair:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
<li>Webmaster: Arrived at 1:08 PM</li>
<li>Office Technician: Not Present <span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
</ol>
<li>Project Managers (some not listed to avoid double
counting officers/managers)</li>
<ol>
<li>Socie-D - Ben Chang: Not Present<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
<li>Women in Computing / Links for Good - Ariana
Aguirre: Arrived at 1:05PM<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
</ol>
</ol>
</li>
<li>Approval of Agenda - [Derrik/Andrew] -&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Derrik - Pass</li><li>Andrew - Pass</li></ol><li>Approval of the Minutes - Number of Corrections: 6 [Derrik/Frank] -&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>James: How about speech to text?</li><ol><li>Nate: Simpler answer is to make Sal read it over.</li></ol><li>Nate: They're on the dropbox.&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li></ol></ol>
</li>
<li>ANNOUNCEMENTS
<ol>
<li>Guest Introductions: No new members.</li>

<ol>
</ol>
<li>All Officers - The Secretary needs to
update his officer list from the following people:</li>
<ol><li>Webmaster,
Office
Technician
[Student ID, email, phone number]</li></ol>
<ol>
</ol>
<li>All Officers - The President is compiling a list of ACM
Emails:</li><ol><li>Nate: I have all the passwords I need. We could reset any [appointed] officer's passwords.</li></ol><li>ACM-W "Fun"-raiser at Ruby's Diner - Thursday, October 20th, 2011 from 4:00 PM - 9:00 PM.</li><ol><li>Joshua: Please be sure to print out the flyer.</li></ol>
<li>IBM Mainframe Competition.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Nate: As always, I'm looking for people...</li></ol></ol>
</li>
<li>BUSINESS: &nbsp;
<ol>
<li>Officer Reports<span style="font-style: italic;">:<br />
</span>
<ol>
<li>Faculty Advisor: Not Present</li>
<li>President:</li><ol><li>Nate: We are now registered on OrgSync. I
got into a scuffle with Matt. [Matt] asked to put personal information
on OrgSync and I said no. I am not putting our...addresses on OrgSync.
Wait, I did put our phone numbers on there but they're published record
anyway.</li><ol><li>Frank: Not mine.</li><ol><li>Nate: I probably put Sal's [and Frank's] to be 0000.</li></ol><li>Andrew: Who on Orgsync has access to this number?</li><ol><li>Nate: I know that some frat has it so...</li><ol><li>Andrew: Everyone?</li><ol><li>Nate: Yeah. We also had to put our Student ID number...but we couldn't register without it.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol><ol><li>Nate: I am open to suggestions on what to stock:</li><ol><li>David Nuon: Airhead</li><li>Andrew: Mountain Dew</li><li>Donald: Diet Mountain Dew</li><ol><li>Nate: I can't find it!</li></ol><ol><ol><li>Donald: I've never seen it anywhere for cheap...</li></ol></ol></ol><ol><li>Nate: If anyone has seen the infamous Orange Soda/Hawaiin Punch/Rootbeer; I haven't seen it at costco.</li><li>Andrew: I have recieved complaints about having Pepsi and not Coke.</li><ol><li>Nate: It's already been taken care of. [I've restocked on coke].</li><ol><li>James: Smart and Final;&nbsp;</li><li>Frank: Bawls Pirahna! 99% sugar; rest is caffine.&nbsp;</li></ol></ol></ol><li>Nate: I made a repository Server! It's running SVN Subversion. If people haven't used it before ... you will use it!&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Derrik: I use it in the recieving end. Can you do a presentation?</li><ol><li>Nate: Sure. I will add it to my list.</li><ol><li>Ariana: Wasn't Hector's video uploaded?</li><ol><li>Andrew: It wasn't specific.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol><li>Vice:</li><ol><li>Frank: Working on the arcade machine. Taking the porterinch wood back to my place. More ergonomic joystic; AMD ATX technology.</li><ol><li>Nate: You have a spare board lying around?</li><ol><li>Frank: From my Fusion. Low heat production. It can stay in the wood case.</li></ol></ol><li>Frank:
Beachcon registration opened last night. If you want to be on the
tournament, please register. October 22nd is the event [requesting for
volunteers]. You can go on the front desk...Contact by email at
ret.tech@gmail.com or vicechair@csulb.acm.org.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Derrik: How about events@csulb.acm.org?</li><ol><li>Frank: I'd rather keep it to people I know to [manage thousands of dollars of equipment].</li><ol><li>Nate: I already volunteered!</li><ol><li>Frank: Your volunteering is inherent.&nbsp;</li></ol></ol></ol><li>Sal: Do you want any consulting with the arcade machine? I was an arcade junkie back in the day when it was still relevent.</li><ol><li>Frank: I'm still testing it out.&nbsp; </li></ol></ol></ol><li>Treasurer:</li><ol><li>[movement] [Andrew/Sal] - Allow $15.20 to pizza - <span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Andrew: Nate already has the money</li><li>Sal - It's okay to do this once in a while [for recruitement purposes].</li></ol><li>Motion to approve&nbsp;Two grants [Sal/David Nuon] -&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>$500 for programming team.</li><li>$800 from ASI.&nbsp;</li></ol><li>David Nuon: Have you applied for these?</li><ol><li>Andrew: Not yet.</li><ol><li>Frank: Talk to David to submit it to AESB.</li></ol></ol></ol><ol>
</ol>
<li>Secretary:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Uploading Minutes to ACM Website. Expected completion time: This weekend.</li></ol>

<li>AESB Representative:</li><ol><li>David Nuon: I was going to mention about the $500 in grants for AESB but it's already taken care of.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Nate: You were going to mention Orgsync but I took care of that too. I hope I don't get a scuffle in them.</li><ol><li>Sal: It's [an important privacy issue].</li></ol><li>Derrik: Who runs Orgsync?</li><ol><li>Nate: [Texas]. Servers are run [thru] Amazon Prime.</li><ol><li>Frank: So CSULB doesn't control it?</li><ol><li>Nate:
[Not quite]. OrgSync...[is not very trusting with personal data] and
there is no document stating we have to put personal data into OrgSync.</li></ol></ol></ol><li>David Nuon: What does [Matt Cabrera] do?</li><ol><li>Andrew: He signs off on everything.</li></ol></ol></ol><ol>
</ol>
<li>Contact Liaison:</li><ol><li>David Barahona: I got confirmation for
Dr. Sorin. He will be available [Oct 26]. He was asking if a smart
panel is provided and obvously we have one.</li><ol><li>Sal: Note that there will be no sound.</li><ol><li>Nate: Ask if there is sound.</li><ol><li>Sal: Sound's busted</li></ol><ol><ol><li>Frank: We need to contact AV services to deal with [broken sound].&nbsp;</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol>

<li>Event Coordinator:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>E-week: Emailed AESB regarding ACM Participation and awaiting response.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Derrik: ACM is going to have a table. I will keep in contact with them by email. E-Week is next semester by the way.</li></ol><li>EAT-ACM Joint Bang! Tournament.</li><ol><li>Derrik: What do you think?</li><ol><li>James: I have no objections to Bang or Tournament or ACM. Is this related to E-Week?</li><ol><li>Derrik: It is [just a tournamnet]. Winners can get their pictures in a 'Wanted' Poster.</li><ol><li>Andrew:
We need a formal way of renting out the Bang Game other than writing
your name on the board. Please input Time in and out.</li><ol><li>Derrik: I checked out the Bang game and left it in EAT.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>David Nuon: How about card sleeves?&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Derrik: We can do an expansion.</li><ol><li>Ariana: We can do a motion...</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol><li>Unable to access events@csulb.acm.org</li><ol><li>Andrew: I went into the webpage and I typed it in but it didn't work.</li><ol><li>Frank: Just put in the whole thing at gmail.</li><li>Nate: Where did you go?</li><ol><li>Andrew: I thought I did Gmail. I did RSS and that didn't work...</li><ol><li>Nate: Alternatively I could've just [changed] the password but it was pretty simple.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol><li>Publicity &amp; Recruitment Chair:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Sal: I posted up more flyer for ACM-W and I need to post up more. The first one has a typo.</li></ol>



<li>Membership Chair:</li><ol><li>Donald: Nothing to report this week. If you need to add anything to the newsletter,tell me.</li></ol><li>Webmaster:</li><ol><li>Lynn: I've been [working on the minutes]. Some of them are up. Basically the website is kinda good.</li><ol><li>Nate: If you've taken Volper's class, you know that I can't hear you and you have to sit in the front.</li><ol><li>Lynn: Sorry.</li></ol></ol></ol>
<li>Office Technician:</li>

<li>Open Positions:&nbsp;</li>
<ol>
<li>Fundraising Chair</li>
<li>Historian</li>

<li>Librarian&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Frank: I absorb the position!</li></ol>
<li>Market Manager</li><ol><li>James: Volunteering for Market Manager</li><ol><li>Nate: Are you able to make the ACM Meetings?</li><ol><li>James: *looks around. Yes. Are there any other secret meetings?</li><ol><li>Ariana: Then it would be secret!</li><ol><li><span style="font-weight: bold;">[APPOINTMENT] </span>[David Nuon/Derrik] Nate: I appoint James Coolidge to be the Markte Manager.&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>David: Yes</li><li>Derrik: James is the guy</li><li>Ariana (disucssion) - speech!</li><ol><li>James:
Have you been to EAT's store? We introduced giant lolipops, Sunny D,
different kinds of energy drinks. That was me doing market research
because we ...played around and see what people bought. I can apply to
other clubs as well because they make a fair amount of money but you
can't stock them all in one store. Slim Jims, and stuff [that's for 25
cents are very popular.] It's very fun!</li><ol><li>Nate: It cuts out the middleman. I just carry stuff.</li></ol></ol><li>Ariana: This research: Are you going to apply [your skills] while [considering] this store is in a different location?</li><ol><li>James:
Ours [EAT's] focus on higher energy. [ACM's Snack Stack] will be
[targeted for] recouperating. Stuff like [Vitamin Waters].&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Ariana: He's more than qualified.</li></ol></ol></ol><li>James: Does this mean I can vote Sal?</li><ol><li>Sal: Yes!</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol>
</ol>
</li>
<ol>
</ol>
<li>Project/Committee Reports<span style="font-style: italic;">:<br />
</span>
<ol>
<li>Augmented Ebay Project Charter:</li><ol><li>Karan: I have sent you
the screenshots of what I've done. I have updated the project charter
and made a module which injects image URLs ...to the listings. I have
changed the way user interacts with the applications (and sent
screenshots) where it would talk to the user. Something like a comic
strip will come up and then he will ask "What do you wish to sell?"
"What do you wish to upload." It will be like &nbsp;a chat interface
where he will put up the [interface] on the phone. I used AJAX and
proliferated that with FIOS...</li><ol><li>Nate: You seem to be making great progress. Do you have a respostiroy or SVN?</li><ol><li>Karan: I can [start it].</li><ol><li>Nate: ...Please give me read access. I'd like to see what you're doing.</li><ol><li>Andrew: Should we add him?</li><ol><li>Nate: I have made a server ...with two project teams. You can be the third. I will need to know what you use.</li><ol><li>Karan: Dot SNV</li><ol><li>Nate: We will do it later.</li><ol><li>Karan: I will send you an updated project charter.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol><li>Boeing Project:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Andrew: We got a demo last wednesday. It was fun. I missed the last [ACM] meeting but that's it.</li></ol>

<li>Modder's Workshop:</li><ol><li>Movement - Reimburse $21.21 to Derrik for color flyers - [David Nuon/ James Coolidge] -&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>David: Pass</li><li>James: I've seen no flyers but good work.</li><li>Andrew: How many did you print?</li><ol><li>Derrik: 50.</li><ol><li>Sal: That's a lot.</li></ol></ol><ol><li>Andrew: How did you get the number?</li><ol><li>Derrik: They gave me ten cents off</li></ol></ol></ol><ol><li>Sal:
this is quite a bit of money. You could've gotten 50 black and whites
for a dollar. It's always better to talk to Sal or Andrew before [doing
stuff].</li><li>Andrew: See me after 3:15 PM.</li></ol><li>New Time consideration - Modder's Workshop to a Monday or Wednesday slot.</li></ol><li>Reticon Entertainment System:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Frank:
Start of stage 1. Deconstructed the first time with Nate and I. This
time I'm building from the inside out. Last time I did it backwards
which caused [location] problems. Now it's 3/4ths smaller than the
original. It's really tiny now. There is a joystick already implemented
in it. I'm also going to get a arcade style joystick and six buttons.
Probably starting this weekend I'm gonna get the base started. The
entire setup only consumes 100 Watts.</li></ol><li>Programming Team Interest Committee:<span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">&nbsp;</span></span></li><ol><li>Lynn: We're practicing hard. Preparing. Yeah.</li><ol><li>Ariana: Would you happen to set up an email to send out the questions.</li><ol><li>Lynn: Yeah I forgot. It's me, Tony, some guys?</li><ol><li>Ariana: Some guys come in. I don't know who they are. Denise and Andy---</li><ol><li>Sal: Talk about the rest.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol>

<li>Socie-D:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Donald: we set up a repository.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Nate: You set it up?</li><ol><li>Donald: We can talk about it afterwards.</li></ol></ol></ol>

<li>Women in Computing Startup:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>ACM-W Halloween Horror Move Night - Oct 31st, 2011</li><ol><li>Ariana: If someone wants to take it over you can make it an event for ACM. Please do.</li><ol><li>Derrik: I'll accept it.</li></ol></ol><li>Guest Speaker: Bernadina Ortiz for Tomorrow! Thursday, Oct 13th 4-5PM in VEC 113.</li><ol><li>Ariana: She will talk about her transition between [a student and employee].&nbsp;</li><li>Motion - [Ariana/Andrew] Max funding of $20 from ACM for pizza. -&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Ariana: Pass</li><li>Andrew: Pass</li></ol></ol><li>PCSW
- President's commission on the status of women - we applied for it
last spring and we found out we are recieving $800 for ALICE workout
related / CS related activities.</li><li>Sold the TV! I'll give the money to Chansophiak.</li></ol>

<li>Links For Good:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Ariana: David provided a jolt for
the project. He implemented a framework; before we were confused.
Anyway, he put in a framework and he put in some classes that look a
little bit more like Java. That's it! We pretty much said we'll meet
every Monday at 3:15.</li></ol>

<ol>
</ol>
</ol>
</li>
<li>Event/Fundraising Reports: None&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Derrik: I'll start the Bang tournament as soon as I can; will get a list of participants</li><ol><li>Sal: You're officially supposed to hold event committees. Just to let you know.</li><ol><li>Derrik: So I have to pass a committee?</li><ol><li>Sal: No, you're supposed to have meetings. Just do that whenever.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol>
<li>Old Business</li>
<ol>
<li>CoE Design Collaboration: &nbsp;</li><ol><li>Sal: They're gonna help ACM-W design their banner.</li></ol>

</ol>
<li>New Business -&nbsp;</li><ol><li>NEW Chess Engine Project - Jonathan Stoner</li><ol><li>Jonathan: Will anyone be interested?</li><ol><li>*Derrik/David Raised hands</li><ol><li>Jonathan: Any questions?</li><ol><li>Derrik: It's going to be a clone of a chess engine?</li><ol><li>Jonathan: It will be in scratch</li><ol><li>Derrik: In 3D?</li><ol><li>Jonathan: No.</li><ol><li>Derrik: We can make objects in Blender. :)</li><ol><li>ACM Body: No!</li><ol><li>Jonathan: This is my last project. I wanted to squeeze it [in my schedule].</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol><li>[Frank/David Nuon] - Movement to pass as a draft.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Frank: I would like to help you on my free time.</li><li>David: Pass</li></ol></ol>
<ol></ol>
<ol style="list-style-type: lower-roman;">
</ol>
<ol>
</ol>
</ol>
</li>
<li>ADJOURNMENT
<ol>
<li>Closing Comments</li><ol><li>Frank: Remember. Register for Beachcon!</li></ol><li>Next meeting: October 19th, 2011 @ 1:00 PM in EN2-103.</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="footer">
<div class="clearfloat"></div>
<div class="layoutdivider"></div>
<p>Association for Computing Machinery</p>
<p>California State University, Long Beach</p>
<p>http://csulb.acm.org/</p>
</div>
</body></html>