<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><!-- saved from url=(0053)http://csulbacm.edgarortiz.com/agendas/2011-03-02.php --><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />


<title>ACM Meeting Agenda for Wednesday, March 2, 2011 at 5:00 PM in ENG2-103</title><link href="./ACM%20Meeting%20Agenda%20for%20Wednesday,%20March%202,%202011%20at%205%2000%20PM%20in%20ENG2-103_files/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" /></head>

<body>
<div id="wrapper">
<div id="header"> <img src="./ACM%20Meeting%20Agenda%20for%20Wednesday,%20March%202,%202011%20at%205%2000%20PM%20in%20ENG2-103_files/acm_bnr_small.jpg" longdesc="images/acm_bnr_small.jpg" height="67" width="900" /> </div>
<div id="container">
<div id="column_1">
	<h4><span style="text-decoration: underline; font-weight: normal;">2011-2012 Cabinet</span><br />President</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Nathan Pickrell</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; chair@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Vice-President</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Frank Lima&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; vicechair@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Treasurer</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Andrew Meredith</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; treasurer@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Secretary</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Joshua Liong</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; secretary@csulb.acm.org</p>&nbsp;<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Open Positions</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><br /><span style="font-weight: bold;">Faculty Advisor</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: bold;">&nbsp;</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: bold;">Alumni Advisor</span></p><p>&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></p><p><span style="font-weight: bold;">AESB Representative</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; aesbrep@csulb.acm.org</p><h4>Publicity &amp; Recruitment Chair</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; publicity@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Contact Liaison</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; liaison@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Event Coordinator</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; events@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Fundraising Chair</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; fundraising@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Historian</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; historian@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Librarian</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; librarian@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Membership Chair</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; membership@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Office Technician</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; tech@csulb.acm.org</p><h4>Market Manager</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; vendor@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Webmaster</h4>

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; webmaster@csulb.acm.org</p>
</div>
<div id="column_2">

<h3>ACM Meeting Minutes for Saturday, June 25th, 2011 at 2:40 PM in VEC-523</h3>
<ol>
  <li>CALL TO ORDER
	<ol>
		<li>Roll Call
		<ol>
			<li>President: &nbsp;Present</li><li>Vice : &nbsp;Not Present</li><li>Treasurer: Present<br />
			</li><li>Secretary: &nbsp;Present</li><li>President of Women In Computing (ACM-W): Present (2:56PM)</li><ol><li>Ended voice call (3:02 PM). Recall (3:26 PM). Ended voice call (3:40 PM).</li></ol><li>Mobile Development Team Project Manager: Not Present (Lynn representing)</li><li>Links For Good Co-Manager: Not Prsent</li><li>Directions Project Manager: Not Present</li><li>Modder's Workshop Manager: Present</li><li>Game Testing Workshop Manager: Present </li></ol>
		</li>
		<li>Approval of Agenda - Andrew/Sal <span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li>
	</ol>
	</li>
	
  <li>ANNOUNCEMENTS
	<ol>
		<li>Guest Introductions:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Richard Wang&nbsp;</li><li>Lynn Cherngchaosil</li><li>Tony Pham</li></ol><li>SOAR - July 7th, 1PM - 5PM.<span style="font-style: italic;"></span><span style="font-style: italic;"><br />&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Contact Salvador Llamas at publicity@csulb.acm.org if you want to participate.</span></li><ol><li>Sal<span style="font-style: italic;">:
Opens to new students. Will assist with networking. Table and board
will assist in increasing membership. The actual event starts at 2PM.
If you can help me out with that, that would be good.</span></li><li>Sal<span style="font-style: italic;">: Women in Computing encouraged to attend.&nbsp;</span></li><li>Derrick<span style="font-style: italic;">: I will be attending.</span></li><li>Nathan and Lynn may be attendin<span style="font-style: italic;">g.</span></li><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Nathan: Why is it this particular day?</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: This is specifically the Engineering SOAR</span></li></ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Lynn: Where is it</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: Horn Center. Just remember "July 7th at the afternoon."&nbsp;</span></li></ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Nathan: We changed the librarian positions. Have you read it [Arianna]?</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Arianna: Nope. Can you give me the run down.</span></li><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: We've expanded it. Do you want to be in charge of fundraising, [Links 4 Good &amp; ACM-W]?</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Arianna: Not anymore. What about ACM-W Liason?</span></li><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: That would be you as the president.</span></li></ol></ol><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Nathan: Should we adjust the responsibilities?</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: We will find somebody.</span></li></ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: Are the books in order?</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Arianna: We may not have all the books in our possession. Richard has Big Java.</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Richard: I spoke with Timmy. Book is en-route.</span></li></ol></ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Nathan: We will put the stuff on hold.</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: "TODO: Fill Librarian position."<br /></span></li></ol></ol></ol></ol>
  </li><li>BUSINESS: &nbsp;<ol style="list-style-type: lower-roman;"><li>Appointed Positions:</li><ol><li>Nate/Sal : Movement to approve Sal as the publicity chair. <span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><li>Nate/Andrew : Movement to make Chansophiak as the Marketing Manager <span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Derrik: <span style="font-style: italic;">What is a Marketing Manager?</span></li><ol><li>Sal: <span style="font-style: italic;">Same as [last year's] vendor.</span></li></ol><li>Nate: <span style="font-style: italic;">Can she be a Fundraising Chair?</span><span style="font-style: italic;"></span></li><ol><li>Sal<span style="font-style: italic;">: Lets make sure that Chansophiak doesn't get too much work.</span></li></ol></ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Nate: I move to make Arianna Aguirre a </span>Librarian. </span><span style="font-weight: bold;">[TABLE]</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: I advise against it. You may table the motion.</span></span></li></ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Nate/Andrew: Lynn Chernchaosil to be the webmaster. </span></span><span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]&nbsp;</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: Responsibilites have been expanded. People have been complaining that documents were not avaliable to the public.</span></span></li><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Nate: The process can be automated. :)</span></span></li></ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">Nate: I will hold Office Technician to be at my discretion.</span></span></li></ol><ol><li>Joshua: <span style="font-style: italic;">Can appointed positions for half a year.</span></li><ol><li><span style="font-style: italic;">Sal: Yeah. Nate: We can just reappoint.<br /></span></li></ol></ol><li>Officer Reports</li><ol><li>President:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>President intend to refuse my key to give it to someone more avaliable.</li><ol><li>Derrik looked enthusiastic.</li></ol></ol><li>Vice :&nbsp;</li><li>Treasurer:</li><ol><li>Frank's check never passed.</li><li>We only got half the expected amount of grants.</li><ol><li>Sal: We will get grants after a bit.</li></ol></ol><li>Secretary:</li><ol><li>Report: I coordinate with the president with emails. Working with BCCs. Will inform Librarian in the near future.</li><li>Andrew: Did Edgar give up the treasurer account? We have to redo who gains access to the ACM accounts.</li></ol></ol>
	<li>Project&nbsp;Reports<span style="font-style: italic;">:<br /></span><ol><li>Boeing Project&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Andrew: We need more people. We will convert it from C to Java with Mono</li><ol><li>Andrew and Nate are concerned about .NET compatibility.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Andrew: If it is hard then the boss will drop it. If it is easy then there will be class credit.</li></ol><li>Sal: Use facebook to promote</li></ol></ol><li>Directions</li><ol><li>Joshua: I was recently told that Ben will be starting meetings two weeks from now. </li></ol><li>Enterprise Management System:</li><ol><li>Andrew: I forgot about it but I will hopefully be working on it soon.</li></ol><li>Game Testing Workshop:</li><ol><li>Sal: The app was launched this thursday. There is a patch for a bug to be released Monday.&nbsp;</li><li>[Sal/Andrew] Movement to mark Game Testing Workshop as complete. <span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Nate: I really really do not like Apple.&nbsp;</li><li>Sal: We got it done. Remember, its about how many projects we finish.</li><li>Andrew: We have six reviews. all 5 stars.</li></ol><li>Sal: Download it on iTunes to increase the hits.</li><ol><li>Andrew: Credit Card required.</li></ol></ol><li>Links For Good: TABLE</li><ol><li>Arianna:
We are just about done with the user interface. It's a matter of
integrating the databse with the rest of the project. It is moving all
right. we will have something running by teh end of summer. </li></ol><li>Mobile Development Team:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Lynn:
I haven't heard for Alex. I don't think he's going to continue on it. I
usually go and fix the occasional bugs but [committment is
questionable.]</li><ol><li>Sal: We might need to close it. You did get an app out so it counts for something.</li></ol></ol><li>Modder's Workshop</li><ol><li>Derrik:
I'm looking at Civilizatoin while Creig is looking at Star Wars. I feel
split about which game to mod while grasping object oriented
programming in Java.</li><ol><li>Sal: Will the workshops start in the fall or in the spring?</li><ol><li>Derrik:
Fall. There is an entire [modding] database [for Civiliazation.] It's
amazing how people can grasp [alot]. I want to do this to myself
because I want to learn. We may be using LUWA (masked in binary) which
Creig cracked (while I cannot). Technical difficulty.</li><li>Derrik: Civilization is in Python and C++.</li></ol></ol></ol><li>Reticon Entertainment System</li><ol><li>Nate: I need to take measurements and send them to Frank. Build in progress!</li><li>Nate: I need shelves to put up.</li></ol><li>Women in Computing Startup</li><ol><li>Arianna: I don't know.</li><li>Lynn: We're finished the budget. You [Arianna] sent the budgets to me.</li><li>Lynn: The ALICE Workshop is set. We just need a school, date and "certificate" and other things.</li><ol><li>Arianna: Karina was working on the certificates. they're ten cents a piece.</li><ol><li>Lynn: Will the grant be paying for it?</li><ol><li>Arianna: There was nothing posted on the account yet.</li><li>Andrew: No grant information.&nbsp;</li></ol><li>Lynn: We're just waiting for the Grant status. How will we be updated?</li><ol><li>Andrew: Me.</li></ol><ol><li>Sal: The Grant will be ready to access closer to Fall. You can ask up front...</li><li>Andrwe: Or use ACM Funding.</li></ol><ol><li>Arianna: We may have to do fundrasiing or borrow thru ACM.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Sal: You may motion ACM to get Jelly Donuts.</li></ol><li>Lynn: We will contact Shans to conatct a highs choo then create an appointment for the event.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Arianna:
We will need approval and a maximum of $120 for the workshop. We will
have an ACM-W Meeting later but cannot conduct business until then.</li><ol><li>Sal: Your grant will definately be more than $120 without any further budget cuts. We'll have money [for you].</li></ol></ol></ol></ol><li>Arianna : Approve spending of ACM Money in a Loan format for $130 for the ALICE workshop&nbsp;</li><ol><li>[Arianna/Sal]
Andrew Amendment:&nbsp;Approve spending of ACM Money in a Loan format
for $130 for the ALICE workshop. If we do not get the grant approval.
Otherwise the money will be taken from the grant. <span style="font-weight: bold;">[WITHDRAWN]</span></li><ol><li>[Arianna/Sal] Andrew's Amendment:
2 Approve spending of ACM Money in a Loan format for $130 for the ALICE
workshop. If we do not get the grant approval. Otherwise the money will
be taken from the grant. It must be repaid in six months by any method.</li><li>Lynn: Shouldn't it be passed thru ACM-W first?</li><ol><li>It's okay</li></ol><li>Sal: Lets withdraw the motoin. [Andrew: MOTION Stack <span style="font-weight: bold;">WITHDRAWN</span>]</li></ol><li>[Andrew/Sal] Motion - Approve spending of ACM Money in a Loan format for $130 for the ALICE
workshop If we do not get the grant approval. Otherwise the money will
be taken from the grant. It must be repaid in six months from first withdrawl by any method. <span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Andrew: Yay</li><li>Sal: That took a very long time.</li></ol></ol><ol><li>[Sal/Andrew] Motion - Allocate $35 maximum for ACM to pay for the poster board for ACM-W - <span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Sal: It will be taken care of.</li><li>Andrew: This language is close enough.&nbsp;</li><li>Arianna: Please. This is imporant.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol>
	</li>
	<li>Event/Fundraising Reports</li><ol><li>Sal: We have two grants</li><li>Andrew: We made a decent amount of money ("not in red").&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Nate: How much? Andrew: "...some"</li><ol><li>Andrew: We have less than money last year.&nbsp;</li></ol></ol><li>Nate: James has extra Windows 7 CD Keys.&nbsp;</li></ol><li>Old Business - NONE</li><li>New Business</li><ol><li>Approval of the Bylaws:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Sal reiterated the bylaws changes.</li><ol><li>[Andrew/Richard] Motion - Pass the bylaws <span style="font-weight: bold;">[PASSED]</span></li><ol><li>Vote: Yes- 7. No - 0. Obstentions - 0.&nbsp;</li></ol></ol></ol><li>ORC / ARC Submission:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Nate: We'll need to scan the documents and have them digitaly signed.</li><li>Josh: We'll need to decide who will be the advisor.</li><li>Sal: They're due two weeks after the start of the semester.</li><li>Nate: This will be shelved for now.</li></ol><li>Programming Team:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Sal: We need to find someone to manage it and write a project charter for it.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Responsibilites: Manager must find problems with solutions to practice with.</li></ol><li>Nate: You can take it three times to complete three units and an elective. Steve may not give Fs.</li><li>Nate: I can act as a manger but [I'm not enthusiastic].</li><ol><li>Andrew: Lets make Alex Chavez do it.</li><ol><li>Lynn: Alex hates programming team</li></ol><li>Andrew: Lets make Edgar do it.</li><li>Lynn: Lets promote for managment.</li><li>Andrew:
Lets recruit participants outside of programming (like math). We could
get lecturers. Ideal team: 1 programmer, 1 algorithms and 1
Mathmatician.&nbsp;</li></ol><li>Sal: Send an email to old members.</li></ol><li>eWeek Activities:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Sal:
we will want it to chair it. Activity ideas would be great. Lets not do
two events in the same day. Software engineering presentation is a
great way to do it.&nbsp;</li><ol><li>We got enginerring org of teh year because we:</li><ol><li>We follow Parlimitarian procedure.</li><li>We get a lot of stuff done</li><li>We impress with good presentations.</li></ol><li>Game Night - Lots of work. <span style="font-weight: bold;">[TABLE]</span></li><ol><li>Nate: Frank could do it.</li><ol><li>Sal: Frank has 18 units; Roscoe could do it.</li></ol><ol><ol><li>Nate: Roscoe is not a CS major anymore. Involvment will decrease.</li></ol></ol></ol></ol></ol><li>Networking with Alumni:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>Sal: Allison Bajo is a 1996 Alumni.</li><li>Sal: Contact him formally.</li></ol><li>Networking with Other Chapters:</li></ol>
	<ol style="list-style-type: lower-roman;"></ol>
			<ol>
</ol>
			</ol>
		</li>
  <li>ADJOURNMENT&nbsp;
    <ol><li>Closing Comments</li><ol><li>Sal: We just need to clean stuff up and keep on going. &nbsp;Beginning of semester push is all Publicity Chair. </li></ol><li>Next Meeting at July 16, 2011 @ 2:30 PM in VEC-523.</li><li>TODO List:</li><ol><li>Fill librarian position</li><li>Confirm relinquish of Edgar Ortiz's control over treasury.</li><li>Fill out ORC/ARC</li><li>Promote Programming Team, the flagship program for the Nov 13 competition.</li></ol></ol>
  </li>
</ol>
</div>
</div>
</div>

<div id="footer">
	<div class="clearfloat"></div>
	<div class="layoutdivider"></div>
	<p>Association for Computing Machinery</p>
	<p>California State University, Long Beach</p>
	<p>http://csulb.acm.org/</p>
</div>
</body></html>