1. Call to Order
	1. Call to Order
	1. Roll Call
		0. Administrative Cabinet
	        0. President - David Nuon: Present
	        0. Vice President - Ian Goegebuer: Present
	        0. Treasurer - Christopher Gomez: Not Present
	        0. Secretary - Shane Satterfield: Present
	        0. AESB Representative - Victoria Hatfield: Present
	        0. Event Coordinator - Diana Ignacio: Present
		0. Appointed Officers
	        0. Librarian - Anthony Gialcalone: Not Present
	        0. Publicity and Recruitment Chair - Leo Tronolone: Not Present
	        0. Market Manager - James Coolidge: Not Present
	        0. Historian - Orion Sakorn: Present
	        0. Office Technician - Johnny Patterson: Present
	1. Approval of the minutes and the agenda.
		1. Motion of the floor: Approve the agenda: *[PASS]*
			- First - Victoria: First 
			- Second - Ian: pass 
			- Discussion: None
		1. Motion of the floor: Approval of the minutes: *[PASS]*
			- First - Orion: First
			- Second - Diana: Second
			- Discussion: None
	
	1. Announcements
		1. ACM-W
			1. We need a confirmed faculty advisor
				1. We have a tentative acceptance from Mimi Opkins.
			1. Beginning of the Year Bonfire
				1. Ahn and Julia are supposed to be planning this.
				1. There will be discussion of this during the ACM-W meeting.
				1. Sal: Make sure to talk to the other orgs.
	1. Guest Introductions
		1. Julia: I am the new president of the WDC, the web development club. There is a possibilty that we can createa new ACM branch.
	1. Reports
		1. Officer Reports
			0. President:
				1. Faculty advisor
					1. Will not be able to get reimbursements until we have gotten an advisor to sign the sheet.
					1. Frank Murgolo will be here next week. 
				1. Interest from new students:
					1. Interest in ACM from incoming freshman
						1. David: I have been talking with some new freshman that are interested in joining acm.
					1. Interest in ACM from international students
						1. David: They have been contacting me as well.
				1. Get in the habit of checking your acm email, we tend to have dicussions outside of meetings and we take notes and put them on google docs.
	        0. Vice President:
	        	1. Ian: I will be getting a google calendar for ACM. I will be keeping track of due dates and projects. Everyone will have access to that.
	        0. Treasurer:
	        	1. Financal Audit
	        	1. Fiscal certification
	        0. Secretary:
	        	1. I'm taking a week off
	        0. AESB Representative:
				1. AESB meeting and leadership retreat
					1. Sal: They will go to the huntington room, and there will be speakers. This will get everyone on the same page. First week of the semester, on campus.
					1. Sal: If you have class, you can send someone in your place.
				1. Get in touch with the other orgs
					1. David: You should get into contact with SWE, ACM-W.
	        0. Event Coordinator:
	    1.  Appointed Officers
	        0. Librarian:
	        	1. Needs to set a date and time to go through the books in the library and decide on which ones to sell and which to keep.
	        	1. Needs to know if anyone wants to keep a specific book in the library.
	        	1. David: He has been very limited over the summer.
	        0. Publicity and Recruitment Chair:
	        	1. David needs to bring in Leo's hdd.
				1. Publicity Plan
	        0. Market Manager:
	        	1. ACM-W and how to split up the fridge
	        		1. Sal: Do you want to go into detail on what you want to get? I was thinking of ice cream.
	        		1. Ian: It's going to be hot for a while.
	        0. Historian:
	        	1. ACM Logs
	        		1. David: I will give you some of the logs now, but I will give you all of them later. There is lots of ACM history there.
	        0. Webmaster:
	        	1. Webmaster Jimi is gone.
	        		1. David: He has had trouble with the admission office and will not be able to attend during the fall.
	        	1. Wiki back-up has been automated.
	        		1. David: You should have everything backed up on your own personal computer. Redundancy is important.
	        0. Office Technician:
	        	1. Get the new operating systems onto the ACM computers.
	        		1. Johnny: I have recently reinstalled Ubuntu onto one of the linux machines, and I will look into the other one soon.
		1. Projects Reports
		1. Committee Reports
	1. Old Business
		1. Business Cards
			1. David: I have proposed a design for the business cards.
			1. David: They are not for handing out to students, but to people int he industry.
		1. ACM Joint meeting with EAT.
			1. David: I am going to talk with one of their vice-presidents to see if it is possible.
		1. ACM Github
			1. David: If you have a GitHub account, send it to chair@csulb.acm.org.
			1. Ian: For bitbucket, you have to add your csulb student email to upgrade your account.
		1. Code Jams
			1. David: The first one was very successful, however, people weren't able
			   to attend subsequent jams because of other obligations. When school starts
			   though, more students will attend.
		   	1. David: We are probably going to have them at night, around 5 to 7pm on Wednesday. This is because peolpe have class. Also, update the event charter.
		1. ASI app.
			1. Sal: ASI has already started working on it, and there are two apps being made.
			1. David and Ian have shown interest in working on it.
		1. Daily 49er
			1. David: The 49er wants help in porting over their site to a new system. If you want to learn web-dev in a practical way, this is a good chance.
			1. David: It is better to work in a real world setting. If you have any interest in this, please contact me.
		1. Lockers
			1. David: As far as I know, campus won't let us do this.
		1. Biology CLEP
			1. Join the Biology CLEP group on facebook to see when we're studying and get the materials.
			1. David: It's like the AP Bio exam, but easier, and you will get credit for it.
		1. Security Boost
			1. David: We need to find someone with the equipment to do this. And get them here.
			1. David: Frank is busy right now. He can't do it. James has the tools to do it.
			1. Sal: We need to do it soon.
		1. Finish Bylaws Amendments
		1. Motion of the floor: Approval of the bylaws ammendments: *[PASS]*
			- First - Ian: pass
			- Second - Sal: pass
			- Discussion: None
		
	1. New Business
		1. Hack-a-thon
			1. Sal: There are people interested in hosting this. They are into web games and mobile games. We are hoping to accelerate the hiring process.
		1. SLD Orientation
			1. Shane, David, Ian, and Chris are registered to go to orientation on Monday, 2012-08-20.
		1. T3
			1. After this meeting, let's decide who is going to go and register.
			1. David: None of us are registered for T3 yet. After the meeting, we will decide which two of us are going to the meeting.
		1. ACM Laptop
			1. Orion, please tell us how to get it on the wifi.
		1. Programming Team
			1. David: Look into Steve Gold's programming team archive.
			1. Johnny: We have been looking into ACM's archive of problems for the varsity team.
			1. Motion of the floor: Approve charter: *[PASS]*
				- First - Orion: pass
				- Second - Diana: pass
				- Discussion: None
		1. The Wiki
			1. Wiki Committee
			1. David: We have been pouring ACM's knowledge into the wiki. It is there so that we don't have to repeat ourselves. It will be persistent.
			1. Sal: We will be having a wiki committee. Don't make any major changes right now. Anybody who is a memeber has access to this.
			1. Sal: You have to use your real name when you are creating an account.
			1. David: I will be sending out an email to everyone. Use your personal accounts.
		1. Beginning of the Year Push:
			1. Publicity Committee
				1. ENGR 100 Speaking
				1. CECS Speaking
					1. David: This is a great way to spread the word, and help people.	
					1. David: The discussion won't just be on us, we will have to present something.
				1. Talk with Publicity about advertising
			1. David: Fall's first meeting will be an admin meeting.
			1. David: On the 2nd and 3rd week of school, they should be promotional.
		1. Fundraising
			1. David: ASI will be doing pennypinching this year, and I want everyone to think about fundraising.
		1. What we've learned
			1. David: We have learned a lot over summer and there are lots of documents on what we have learned. 
Adjournment 2:18 pm