1. Call to Order 12:25pm
	1. Roll Call
		1. Administrative Cabinet
			0. President - David Nuon: Present
			0. Vice President - Ian Goegebuer: Present
			0. Treasurer - Christopher Gomez: Present 12:28 pm
			0. Secretary - Shane Satterfield: Present
		1. Appointed Positions
			0. AESB Representative - Victoria Hatfield: Present
			0. Librarian - Anthony Gialcalone: Present
			0. Publicity and Recruitment Chair - Leo Tronolone: Present
			0. Market Manager - James Coolidge: Not Present
			0. Historian - Orion Sakorn: Present 12:36 pm
			0. Event Coordinator - Diana Ignacio: Present
			0. Webmaster - John-Jimi Kathleen Som: Present
			0. Office Technician - Johnny Patterson: Present 12:40 pm
		1. Project Managers
		1. Approval of Agenda: **[PASS]** 
			1. Motion of the floor:  Approval of the Agenda: *[PASS]*
				- First - Ian: pass
				- Second - Diana: pass
				- Discussion: None
		1. Approval of Minutes: **[PASS]** 
			1. Motion of the floor: Approve the minutes: *[PASS]*
				- First - Ian: Pass
				- Second - Diana: Pass
				- Discussion: None
	2. Announcements
		1. Diana: We are planning another ice cream social event.
	3. Business
		1. Officer Reports
			1. Faculty Advisor: **Not Present**
			1. President:
				1. David: I have been here on campus every single day. I have been working on things for SOAR. I am not going to be available this next week.
			1. Vice-President:
				1. Ian: If you need something done and David is busy, you can come and ask me.
			1. Treasurer:
				1. Christopher: We need to reimburse David for the broom and board, and Nathan for the restock.
				1. Motion of the floor: Reimberse Nate for $108.86: *[PASS]*
					- First - Christopher: Pass
					- Second - Ian: Pass
					- Discussion: None
				1. Motion of the floor: Reimburse David for $15: *[PASS]*
					- First - Christopher: pass
					- Second - Diana: pass
					- Discussion: None
				
			1. Secretary:
				1. David: We all have keys at ACM. The ACM-W board is working on getting their keys.
	        0. AESB Representative:
	        	1. David: AESB wants to have a better check over the studet organizations.
	        		1. Sal: You should put together a presentation at the end of the year to show them that we did something.
	        		1. David.: I will also help with this.
	        	1. David: We need information on all of the organizations, which will be placed on the wiki.
	        0. Librarian:
	        	1. David: I want you to go through the library and check off which books are too valuable to sell, and which ones we need to get rid of.
	        		1. Anthony: If anyone has any books that they don't want to be sold, they should tell me.
	        			1. Sal: Set a time to label which are reference, and which can be sold.
	        0. Publicity and Recruitment Chair:
	        	1. David: I need to bring in Leo's hdd.
	        	1. Leo: I think my hdd might have died and I might have lost the back up.
	        		1. David: That is fine, because there are many backups.
	        	1. David: A lot of the old stuff in the archives can be reused.
	        	1. David: I want you to write some documentation on what you are doing.
	        0. Market Manager:
	        0. Historian:
	        	1. Orion: I am working on the ACM logs.
	        	1. David: Since you are historian, I want you to get familiar with the archive.
	        0. Event Coordinator:
	        	1. Diana: After the bylaws meeting, I plan on having us watch the new spiderman movie.
	        0. Webmaster:
	        	1. Jimi: I have't gotten started on the wiki.
	        	1. David: I know that you have been backing up the archives.
	        	1. Jimi: I don't have access to the twitter.
	        		1. Ian: Just ask me and I'll give you the credentials.
	        0. Office Technician:
	        	1. David: The computers need new operating systems on them. The mac needs OSX Lion. I need you to get on that.
		1. Projects Reports
		1. Committee Reports
	1. Old Business
		1. Frank Murgolo:
			1. David: I have not been able to contact him, and I don't believe that he has a national account.
				1. Christopher: We can cover that.
		1. The end of year report:
			1. David: We have been able to finish this without a problem.
			1. David: I thank Andrew for helping us on this.
		1. The surveillance boost:
			1. David: We cannot glue or tape the camera up. Frank is figuring out a way to drill the camera up.
		1. National Members:
			1. Anthony: I will register for that.
		1. Archiving:
			1. David: We have been backing up the archives. There might be a flush of photos posted up on facebook page. Those photos will be the ones in the archive. I want people to help me look through them and learn the history of ACM.
		1. T3
			1. David: Matt said that he will email all of the orgs, and the minute that he sends that email, it will be forwarded to everyone.
			1. Ian: Which ones do we need to take?
				1. Sal: Event, fiscal, campus certification, hot food certification, and publicity certification We should also have one more meeting before the end of the summer.
		1. The room was cleaned
		1. New fridge/stock
		1. The banner
	1. New Business
		1. App:
			1. Sal: I found out that ASI wants an app made. I told them that maybe they could get the CECS department to work on this instead of spending a lot of money on professional software engineers.
			1. Sal: They want it to be able to give directions. They want a map app. 
			1. Sal: We may be able to get some money on this. Is there anybody interested in working on this? [David, Ian, Jimi.] Employers want you to have experience with real world projects. 
				1. Sal: It is easy to say that you are going to do something, but you might not actually do anything. 
				1. Ian: I will get into contact with everyone.
		1. Joint meeting with EAT:
			1. David: They are having some troubles right now, and I don't want to get into that.
			1. Sal: Dr. James wanted to have a meetng to tell people about making sure that their degrees are actually worth something after they graduate.
		1. SOAR:
			1. David: We need to head over to the horn center and set up the booth.
			1. Sal: Any person that walks through the door is your new best friend. Get to know these people well. You want to get to know their story, and hang out with them a little bit. If they are CECS, then direct them to us, but if they aren't, then suggest to them a cs minor before you direct them to the right place.
		1. Lockers:
			1. Sal: Even if you charge a dollar a day, you can make a lot of money. We can knock out a shelf and make room for the lockers. 
			1. Sal: The problem is that the office is not open all of the time.
		1. CECS Redux:
			1. David: We had a meeting with Dr. James. He has a bucket list of things he wants the department to do before the end of the year. Anything that we can do to make his life easier is a good thing.
			1. Sal: He wants more recruitment in the deparment.
		1. Hack-a-thons:
			1. David: We give people a week to create something, and since companies will be watching, there is a good chance of getting a job or internship.
			1. Sal: It would be really good to get a big name behind our first hack-a-thon.
		1. Business Cards:
			1. David: Campus copy center has a discount on busines cards. I am talking with them to see if we can get them custom printed. $20 for 300 cards at another place with custom printing.
		1. ACM Github:
			1. David: I strongly recommend that every get a github or some other way to have source control. Also, it is good because you will have a public portfolio of your work.
			1. David: Source control will save you.
			1. David: You sign up with bit bucket, and then they will ask you for your .edu email account. You can then get unlimited repos and stuff on bit bucket. For free.

		1. Motion of the floor: Close the Socie-D: *[PASS]*
			- First - Sal: We will talk about it later.
			- Second - Ian: Pass
			- Discussion: None

		1. Sal: When is our next meeting?
			1. David: The 15th of August.
		1. Ian: I suggest that we get non-diet coke.
		1. Motion of the floor: suspend the meeting: *[PASS]*
			- First - Sal: pass
			- Second - Ian: See you all at 5
			- Discussion: None

		1. Motion of the floor: Amend the constitution: *[PASS]*
			- First - Christopher: pass 
			- Second - David: pass 
			- 11 for, 1 abstention

		1. Motion of the floor: Amend the Bylaws: *[PASS]*
			- First - Ian: pass
			- Second - Victoria: pass
			- Discussion: None

		1. Motion of the floor: Approve the code jams charter: *[PASS]*
			- First - Christopher: pass
			- Second - Victoria: pass
			- Discussion: Please clean this up.
1. Adjournment