1. Call to Order
	1. Roll Call
		0. Administrative Cabinet
	        0. President - David Nuon:
	        0. Vice President - Ian Goegebuer:
	        0. Treasurer - Christopher Gomez:
	        0. Secretary - Shane Satterfield:
	        0. AESB Representative - Victoria Hatfield:
	        0. Event Coordinator - Diana Ignacio:
		0. Appointed Officers
	        0. Librarian - Anthony Gialcalone:
	        0. Publicity and Recruitment Chair - Leo Tronolone:
  	        0. Market Manager - James Coolidge:
	        0. Historian - Orion Sakorn:
	        0. Office Technician - Johnny Patterson:
	    0. Project Managers
	    	0. Programming Team - Salvador Llamas:
	    
	1. Announcements
		0. ACM-W
			0. Faculty Advisor
			0. Beginning of the Year Bonfire
		0. ACM-Web
		0. Nate's nibble
	1. Guest Introductions
	1. Reports
		1. Officer Reports
			0. Faculty Advisor:
	        0. President:
	        	1. I'm going to be archiving some old acm dynamic sites and turning them into plain HTML. 
	        		1. If you want to learn a little bit about backend web-dev and processing documents, come talk to me.
	        		1. I'll be here on Saturday doing that, as well as helping NSBE clean their office.
	        	1. I'm working on an "Advising Pack", a set of documents that will help in your advising of freshman (i.e, Tech Trees)
	        	1. ACM-SIGWeb a.k.a WDC
	        0. Vice President:
	        	0. Google Calendar
	        0. Treasurer:
	        	0. We need to reimburse Frank Murgolo for his National Membership.
	        	0. We need to reimburse Nathan Pickrell for his Costco run.
	        0. Secretary:
	        	1. Wiping the mailing list
	        0. AESB Representative:
	        0. Event Coordinator:
	        0. Librarian:
	        	0. Needs to set a date and time to go through the books in the library and decide on which ones to sell and which to keep.
	        	0. Needs to know if anyone wants to keep a specific book in the library.
	        0. Publicity and Recruitment Chair: 
	        0. Market Manager:
	        	0. We need a list of the pricings for each item we are selling.
	        0. Historian:
	        0. Office Technician:
	        	1. Get the new operating systems onto the ACM computers.
		1. Projects Reports
			1. Programming Team
				1. Look into Steve Gold's programming team archive.
				1. Junior Varsity Team
		1. Committee Reports
			1. Constitution Bylaws
	1. Old Business
		1. Business Cards
			1. David: Can we print it? It's going to be ~25 USD.
		1. ACM Joint meeting with EAT.
			1. David: I've been in contact, they're busy setting up. But Garret is open to the idea.
		1. ACM Github
			1. David: If you have a GitHub account, send it to chair@csulb.acm.org.
			1. Ian: For bitbucket, you have to add your CSULB student email to upgrade your account.
		1. Code Jams 
			1. David: I'm still trying to reserve the rooms. Waiting for either ASI or Robin to get back to us.
		1. Daily 49er
			1. I'm going to have a meeting with the Tuesday, 4th September at 3:30 PM in SSPA (Daily 49er Office)
		1. Security Boost
			1. James has the tools to do this.
			1. We need to get this done soon.
		1. T3
			1. David: Boushi, Ian have you registered? We're approved on BeachSync now.
		1. ACM Laptop
			1. Orion, please tell us how to get it on the wifi.
			1. New operating system on the laptop.
		1. The Wiki
			1. Wiki Committee
		1. Beginning of the Year Push:
			1. Publicity Committee
				1. ENGR 100 Speaking
					1. The Communication Director should be emailing out signups for that soon.
				1. CECS Speaking
					1. David: This is a great way to spread the word and help people.	
				1. Talk with Publicity about advertising
			1. David: The 2nd and 3rd week of school will be promotional.
				1. I'm going to move this to 3rd and 4th week. On the second week, we have Welcome Day on week two.
		1. Fundraising
			1. David: ASI will be doing pennypinching this year, and I want everyone to think about fundraising.
				1. Sitting at a filming of The Price is Right.
	1. New Business
		1. Tony guest speaker
		1. Freshman Welcome Day
			1. David: Let's defer committee. Basically, I think we should do advising and showing off some demos. If you have a slate or tablet, please load the advising pack on it and bring it with you to the event.
			1. David: As for the board, there are only small revisions needed. Like adding "computer science" to it. We shouldn't spend money on a new board like I originally planned.
		1. Presentation
			1. David: I shared the doc, if you all could add intermediate slides in-between that will be great. Just follow the speaker's notes. Thanks to Leo for helping with this over the weekend. Make sure they're on white slides.
		1. Knowledgebase
1. Adjournment