<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
<!-- saved from url=(0053)http://csulbacm.edgarortiz.com/agendas/2011-03-02.php -->
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" /><title>ACM Meeting Agenda for Wednesday, October 19th, 2011 at
1:00PM in EN2-103</title>

<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="./ACM%20Meeting%20Agenda%20for%20Wednesday,%20March%202,%202011%20at%205%2000%20PM%20in%20ENG2-103_files/stylesheet.css" />
</head>

<body>
<div id="wrapper">
<div id="header"> <img longdesc="images/acm_bnr_small.jpg" src="./ACM%20Meeting%20Agenda%20for%20Wednesday,%20March%202,%202011%20at%205%2000%20PM%20in%20ENG2-103_files/acm_bnr_small.jpg" height="67" width="900" /> </div>
<div id="container">
<div id="column_1">
<h4><span style="text-decoration: underline; font-weight: normal;">2011-2012
Admininistrative Cabinet</span><br />
President</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Nathan Pickrell</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; chair@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Vice-President</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Frank Lima&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; vicechair@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Treasurer</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Andrew Meredith</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; treasurer@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4>Secretary</h4>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Joshua Liong</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; secretary@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4><span style="text-decoration: underline; font-weight: normal;">Appointed
Positions</span><br />
<span class="Apple-style-span" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: 'Times New Roman',Times,serif; font-size: 13px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">Faculty
Advisor<br style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;" />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></span>Frank
Murgolo
</span></h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;"></span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">AESB
Representative</span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</span><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">David
Nuon</span><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;"></span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
aesbrep@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Contact
Liaison</h4>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; David Barahona
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
liaison@csulb.acm.org</p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span class="Apple-style-span" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: 'Times New Roman',Times,serif; font-size: 13px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Event
Coordinator</h4>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Derrik Bulmer
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
events@csulb.acm.org</p>
</span></p>
<br style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;" />
<span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">Publicity
&amp; Recruitment Chair</span>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Salvador Llamas</p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
publicity@csulb.acm.org</p><h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Market
Manager</h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
vendor@csulb.acm.org</p><p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; James Coolidge</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Membership
Chair</h4>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Donald Herman
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
membership@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Co-Webmasters</h4>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Christian Escobar
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Lynn Cherngchaosil</p>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
webmaster@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Office
Technician</h4>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Alex Chavez
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
tech@csulb.acm.org</p>
<p></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Open
Positions</span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><br />
<span class="Apple-style-span" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: 'Times New Roman',Times,serif; font-size: 13px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: bold;">Alumni
Advisor</span></p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Fundraising
Chair</h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
fundraising@csulb.acm.org</p>
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Historian</h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
historian@csulb.acm.org</p>
</span></p><p><span class="Apple-style-span" style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: 'Times New Roman',Times,serif; font-size: 13px; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">
<h4 style="margin: 0px; padding: 1em 0px 0px;">Librarian</h4>
<p style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
librarian@csulb.acm.org</p>
</span></p>
<br />
</div>
<div id="column_2">
<h3>ACM Meeting Minutes for Wednesday, October 19th, 2011 at
1:10 PM in EN2-103</h3>
<ol>
<li>CALL TO ORDER
<ol>
<li>Roll Call
<ol>
<li>Administrative Cabinet</li>
<ol>
<li>President:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">&nbsp;Present</span></li>
<li>Vice: Not Present&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span></li>
<li>Treasurer:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
<li>Secretary:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
</ol>
<li>Appointed Positions</li>
<ol>
<li>AESB Representative: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Present&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Contact Liaison:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span>Arrived at 1:24 PM</li>
<li>Event Coordinator:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
<li>Publicity &amp; Recruitment Chair: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span>&nbsp;</li>
<li>Market Manager: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
<li>Membership Chair:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
<li>Webmaster: Not Present&nbsp;</li>
<li>Office Technician:&nbsp; <span style="font-weight: bold;"></span>Not Present</li>
</ol>
<li>Project Managers (some not listed to avoid double
counting officers/managers)</li>
<ol>
<li>Socie-D - Ben Chang:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><span style="font-weight: bold;"></span>Arrived at 1:19 PM</li>
<li>Women in Computing / Links for Good - Ariana
Aguirre:&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span><span style="font-weight: bold;">Present</span></li>
</ol>
</ol>
</li>
<li>Approval of Agenda - [Sal/Ariana] - <strong>[PASSED]</strong>
  <ol>
    <li>Sal: Pass</li>
    <li>Ariana: Pass</li>
  </ol>
</li>
<li>Approval of the Minutes -&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: bold;"></span>[Derrik/James] - [<strong>PASSED]</strong>
  <ol>
    <li>Derrik: Passed</li>
    <li>James: Passed</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
</li>
<li>ANNOUNCEMENTS
<ol>
<li>Guest Introductions: None</li>
<li>ACM-W "Fun"-raiser at Ruby's Diner - Tomorrow, October
  20th, 2011 from 4:00 PM - 9:00 PM.
  <ol>
    <li>Ariana: It's down near second street and PCH. You just need to have the ACM Flyer...at the ACM office.
      <ol>
        <li>Sal: At the door I made a pocket...it's there.          </li>
        </ol>
    </li>
    <li>Ariana: Turn in the flyer...and we get 20% back. Go eat and get us money      </li>
    <li>Sal: Carpool: 6:15PM from ACM Office.</li>
    </ol>
</li>
<li>IBM Mainframe Competition.&nbsp;
  <ol>
    <li>Nate: Still looking for people</li>
    <li>Sal: Need me to publicize that?
      <ol>
        <li>Nate: Probably later
          <ol>
            <li>
              <ol></ol>
            </li>
            <li>Karan : Will you help them out?
              <ol>
                <li>Nate:
They're pretty foreign to me too on the proramming side...I'm just
support but I can get access [to machines] and we can try to ...get a
feel for it.</li>
              </ol>
            </li>
            </ol>
        </li>
        </ol>
    </li>
    </ol>
</li>
</ol>
</li>
<li>BUSINESS: &nbsp;
  <ol>
  <li>Officer Reports<span style="font-style: italic;">:<br />
  </span>
  <ol>
  <li>Faculty Advisor: Not Present</li>
  <li>President:
    <ol>
      <li>Nate: Number one... Matt Cabrera and I are going back and forth on personal data in Orgsync. [We'll be having a meeting]. 
        <ol>
          <li>Sal: Our [contact] numbers are [already] on the ORC.
            <ol>
              <li>Nate: No problem...but the [information is being put up] on an insecure website.</li>
              </ol>
            </li>
          </ol>
        </li>
      </ol>
  </li>
  <li>Vice:
    <ol>
      <li>Nate: [Frank is working on Beachcon]</li>
      </ol>
  </li>
  <li>Treasurer:&nbsp;
    <ol>
      <li>Andrew: I'm trying to figure out how much we spent.      </li>
      <li>Sal: is it less than $100?
        <ol>
          <li>Andrew: It's less than $200.
            <ol>
              <li>Sal: We'll need to get that approved.</li>
              </ol>
            </li>
          </ol>
        </li>
      <li>Andrew:
Presenting Grant on Tuesday at 8:30. If that's approved then it will go
to the Senate meeting a week later...to be reimbursed two weeks after.</li>
      </ol>
  </li>
  <li>Secretary:&nbsp;</li><ol><li>I need the following information from the Office Technician and Market Manager:<br />[email] [Student id] [Phone # of Contact]</li>
    <li>Website has been updated
      <ol>
        <li>Sal: Really?</li>
        <li>Nate: We couldn't find them.</li>
        </ol>
      </li>
    </ol>
    
  <li>AESB Representative:
    <ol>
      <li>David Nuon: E-Week is [uncertain].</li>
      <li>Derrik: Please send me all things pertaining to AESB.
        <ol>
          <li>Sal: We should just submit our event charter...at AESB.org at the front page! Maybe I'll put it in bright red
            <ol>
              <li>Nate: DO IT!
                <ol>
                  <li>Sal: It's a [slimmed down version of the] event charter.
                    <ol>
                      <li>Sal: it is submitted as a proposal so it's not guaranteed but AESB wants to get it all in one stack [for consideratoin].</li>
                      </ol>
                    </li>
                  </ol>
                </li>
              </ol>
            </li>
          </ol>
        </li>
      </ol>
  </li>
  <li>Contact Liaison: Not Present</li>
  <li>Event Coordinator:
    <ol>
      <li>Derrik: So I did get my email working. That's good.</li>
      <li>Derrik: I hope to have a preliminary game today...
        <ol>
          <li>Sal:
That's too short of a notice. I would recommend getting a committee
meeting to resolve all the details. When do you want to have your
committe meeting? <ol>
              <li>Derrik: I don't have a committee
                <ol>
                  <li>Sal:
We'll set up a time. Next week, we have Sorin so ...we can tell
everyone "Hey, we'll be hosting a game tournament. We're having a
meeting next Wednesday." So think of a time. <ol>
                      <li>Derrik: So I will wait until the Sorin Meeting. So just kidding!</li>
                      </ol>
                    </li>
                  </ol>
                </li>
              </ol>
            </li>
          </ol>
        </li>
      <li>Derrik:
Halloween Night...I don't think I can attend it. I can attend until
like 7 or 8 o'clock. Email me for ideas/games. It may be an "Amnesia"
game night. <ol>
          <li>Karan: Do we play that game in the graveyard?
            <ol>
              <li>David: No. That's horrible.              </li>
              </ol>
            </li>
          </ol>
      </li>
      </ol>
  </li>
  <li>Publicity &amp; Recruitment Chair:&nbsp; 
    <ol>
      <li>Sal: Snack flyer!</li>
      <li>Sal:
Made a Women in Computing flyer and in the front door there's a pocket
for the flyer to the event. Even it the office isn't open you can get
it.</li>
      <li>Sal: I'm working with Donald to promote his [ImagineCup Project].</li>
      <li>Sal: There are regulations with flyers. Please go thru me [Sal] first [before putting up flyers]. </li>
      <li>Sal: I need scissors and permanent marker. </li>
      </ol>
  </li>
  <li>Market Manager: 
    <ol>
      <li>James: Preliminary Research with the EAT club. Popular Items:
        <ol>
          <li>Arizona Green Tea - Very good </li>
          <li>CapriSun - Did not sell due to lack of pricing.</li>
          </ol>
        </li>
      <li>James: I notice that..the liquids...I was wondering what items to stock in the refridgerator.
        <ol>
          <li>Ariana: I wouldn't really drink it but people have been asking Red Bull            </li>
          <li>Leo: I like coffee!
            <ol>
              <li>Nate: I would like to be able to sell that but it would be complicated to do...
                <ol>
                  <li>Sal: We can sell the cups!</li>
                  </ol>
                </li>
              </ol>
            </li>
          </ol>
        </li>
      <li>James: Ideas to stock
        <ol>
          <li>Arizona Green Tea 
            <ol>
              <li>Andrew: We have to vote for that...                </li>
              </ol>
            </li>
          <li>Slim Jims Beef Jerky</li>
          <li>Boston Baked Beans? Yeah? Maybe?
            <ol>
              <li>Ariana: Are they Toffee coated?
                <ol>
                  <li>James: Yeah. They sell quickly</li>
                  </ol>
              </li>
              </ol>
          </li>
          <li>Pixie Sticks. Not the tiny chump ones but the long ones. It can probably get you thru a week if your diabetic.</li>
          <li>[Movement]
- [Sal/Joshua] Authroize James to stock Arizona Green Tea, Slim Jims
Beef Jerky, Boston Baked Beans and Pixie Sticks and everything
currently in the room - <strong>[PASSED]</strong>
            <ol>
              <li>Sal: Just sell these things and give them a try.</li>
              <li>Joshua: I look forward to trying new stuff!</li>
              </ol>
          </li>
          <li>[Movement] - [James/David Nuon] Reimburse James $89.97 - <strong>[PASSED]</strong>
            <ol>
              <li>James: I currently owe EAT $89.97</li>
              <li>David: Yes</li>
            </ol>
          </li>
          </ol>
      </li>
      </ol>
  </li>
  <li>Membership Chair:
    <ol>
      <li>Donald:
I want to request the members be added to the Boeing and Programming
Team. There's a lot more in the project than is actually listed. They
are active members. That's all I have to report. </li>
      <li>Sal: Donald; do you have an Alumni list that you're setting up?
        <ol>
          <li>Donald: I'll do that when I have time.</li>
        </ol>
      </li>
      </ol>
  </li>
  <li>Webmaster: 
    <ol>
      <li>Nate: I would like to appoint Christian Escobar as Co-Webmaster. [Andrew/Ariana] - <strong>[PASSED]</strong>
        <ol>
          <li>Sal: Lynn is way way way way too busy</li>
          <li>Andrew: Pass</li>
          <li>Ariana: Will you be able to make all the meetings?            
            <ol>
              <li>Christian: Yes
                <ol>
                  <li>Andrew: You're important Ariana. *thumbs up</li>
                  </ol>
              </li>
              <li>Sal: Will you be available?
                <ol>
                  <li>Christian: Yes
                    <ol>
                      <li>Sal: We can talk about [your responsibilities]</li>
                    </ol>
                  </li>
                  </ol>
              </li>
              </ol>
          </li>
          </ol>
      </li>
      </ol>
  </li>
  <li>Office Technician: Not Present</li>
  <li>Open Positions:&nbsp;
    <ol>
      <li>Fundraising Chair</li>
      <li>Historian</li>
      <li>Librarian&nbsp;</li>
    </ol>
  </li>
  </ol>
  </li>
  <ol>
  </ol>
  <li>Project/Committee Reports<span style="font-style: italic;">:<br />
    </span>      
    <ol>
      <li>Augmented Ebay Project Charter (Draft):
        <ol>
          <li>Karan:
We got [size issues] fixed. We modified the prevoius image and video
URL injection to be more scalable so that we can resize it. <ol>
              <li>Nate: Repository worked?
                <ol>
                  <li>Karan: Yes. Thanks to Nate we can coordinate the project!
                    <ol>
                      <li>Nate: you committed the entire project?
                        <ol>
                          <li>Karan: Just [one file]. </li>
                          </ol>
                        </li>
                      </ol>
                    </li>
                  </ol>
                </li>
              </ol>
            </li>
          <li>Karan: Do we make duplicate copies?
            <ol>
              <li>Nate:
Yes. You use SVN to go back to a previous build of your [duplicate
master copy]. Make sure your development build is separate from the
website...and you push it when you're ready.</li>
              </ol>
          </li>
          </ol>
      </li>
      <li>Boeing Project:&nbsp;
        <ol>
          <li>Andrew: Updating the project charter now. I am going back to Boeing next Friday for full time work. </li>
          <li>Nate: Does anyone in the Boeing project want access to the repository
            <ol>
              <li>Andrew: No...</li>
            </ol>
          </li>
          </ol>
      </li>
      <li>Chess Engine Project (Draft): 
        <ol>
          <li>Jonathan Stoner: What changes do I need to make it from a draft to a full project?
            <ol>
              <li>Sal: Propose them...</li>
              </ol>
          </li>
          <li>Stoner: I made some revisions to the charter...
            <ol>
              <li>Nate: Do you want a repository
                <ol>
                  <li>Stoner: Not right now.</li>
                </ol>
              </li>
              </ol>
          </li>
          </ol>
      </li>
      <li>Modder's Workshop:
        <ol>
          <li>Derrik:
We had our fourth successful meeting. EAT Member [gave us a projector]
and there are no classes scheduled in the room next door.</li>
          <li>Ariana: Do you reserve [rooms] through...
            <ol>
              <li>Derrik: Karol. 
                <ol>
                  <li>Nate:
You have the right to go to Dr. James and complain [about faculty
stealing the rooms]. Faculty should reschedule these meetings.</li>
                  </ol>
              </li>
              </ol>
          </li>
          <li>Derrik: May be rescheduling [the workshop meetings].</li>
          </ol>
      </li>
      <li>Reticon Entertainment System:&nbsp;
        <ol>
          <li>Nate: It's about ...15" dell monitor. I'm not sure if you can play multiplayer but it won't take up that much room.
            <ol>
              <li>Derrik: What happened to the old one?
                <ol>
                  <li>Nate: There was no old one. There was no big one. :D</li>
                </ol>
              </li>
              </ol>
          </li>
          </ol>
      </li>
      <li>Programming Team:<span style="font-style: italic;"><span style="font-style: italic;">&nbsp;</span></span>
        <ol>
          <li>Ariana: Programming team is moving along doing problem sets. It's cool. 
            <ol>
              <li>Andrew:
Basically, what's going ot happen is that Steve will pay for the teams
and then he gets reimbursed. Or someone else can pay for it all up
front. We will have the money in five weeks. <ol>
                  <li>Ariana: Steve can do it.</li>
                </ol>
              </li>
              </ol>
          </li>
          </ol>
      </li>
      <li>Socie-D:&nbsp;
        <ol>
          <li>Ben Chang: Umm. Everything's going well.
            <ol>
              <li>Nate: Did the server work?
                <ol>
                  <li>Ben: We're going to try it today.
                    <ol>
                      <li>Nate: We need to know if something's wrong. I haven't been getting any feedback so I'm going to assume it's working.</li>
                      </ol>
                    </li>
                  </ol>
                </li>
              </ol>
          </li>
          </ol>
      </li>
      <li>Women in Computing Startup:
        <ol>
          <li>Ariana:
I was surprised to see we had a full (classroom). We have a ton of
pictures and video. I will be uploading them soon to the Facebook page
and the video is to Frank to the Youtube Page. </li>
          <li>Women
at the Beach Day is tomorrow. Workshop is flowing pretty well...with
good feedback. To Sal, after the tables are set up will we have [more]
tables?</li>
          </ol>
      </li>
      <li>Links For Good:&nbsp;
        <ol>
          <li>Ariana: I officially bought the domain name linksforgood.org</li>
          <li>Movement - [Ariana/James] - Reimburse $7.17 - <strong>[PASSED]</strong>
            <ol>
              <li>Ariana: pass</li>
              <li>James: Pass</li>
              <li>Sal: Is it property of ACM?
                <ol>
                  <li>Ariana: Isn't is always property of ACM since it's an ACM project?
                    <ol>
                      <li>Sal: Please let the minutes show...</li>
                      </ol>
                    </li>
                </ol>
                </li>
              <li>Nate: Is it using MySQL?
                <ol>
                  <li>Ariana: Yes              </li>
                </ol>
              </li>
              </ol>
          </li>
          </ol>
      </li>
      </ol>
  </li>
  <ol>
  </ol>
  <li>Event/Fundraising Reports: None&nbsp;</li>
  <li>Old Business
    <ol>
      <li>CoE Design Collaboration: 
        <ol>
          <li>Sal:
I talked with Amber. She's in the design department...and I met with
her yesterday morning. She's going to help design the banner for ACM-W.
I told her that she can do it for much less than $100 which was our
original price.&nbsp;</li>
        </ol>
      </li>
      </ol>
  </li>
  <li>New Business -&nbsp;
    <ol>
      <li>SVN Demonstration with President Nathan Pickrell
        <ol>
          <li>Nate: I don't have time to do it today so I will do it as a presentation. Any thoughts?
            <ol>
              <li>Andrew: There should be [a system] for project managers to [help themselves to] the repository.
                <ol>
                  <li>Nate: I don't mind [setting these up].</li>
                  </ol></li></ol><ol>
              <li>Sal: We should do a video presentation. Are you [comfortable]?
                <ol>
                  <li>Nate: I would prefer a screen capture with mic.</li>
                </ol>
              </li>
              </ol>
          </li>
          </ol>
      </li>
      </ol>
  </li>
  </ol>
  </li>
<li>ADJOURNMENT [1:53 PM]
  <ol>
    <li>Closing Comments
      <ol>
        <li>Andrew: Lets end this meeting.</li>
      </ol>
    </li>
    <li>Next meeting w/ Dr. Sorin! October 26th, 2011 @ 1:00 PM in EN2-103.</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="footer">
<div class="clearfloat"></div>
<div class="layoutdivider"></div>
<p>Association for Computing Machinery</p>
<p>California State University, Long Beach</p>
<p>http://csulb.acm.org/</p>
</div>
</body></html>